wane O
me O
up O
at O
five B-time
am I-time
this B-date
week I-date
alarm_set

wakes O
me O
up O
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
on O
friday B-date
alarm_set

set O
an O
alarms O
for O
two B-time
hours I-time
from I-time
now I-time
alarm_set

sgt O
an O
alarm O
for O
twelve B-time
alarm_set

set O
an O
alarms O
forty B-time
minutes I-time
from I-time
now I-time
alarm_set

sed O
alarm O
for O
eight B-time
every B-general_frequency
weekday I-general_frequency
alarm_set

sel O
alarm O
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

sgt O
alarm O
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

seb O
wake O
up O
thursday B-date
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

set O
an O
alarms O
at O
six B-time
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
alarm_set

set O
an O
alarms O
for O
four B-time
in O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
alarm_set

avert O
me O
at O
three B-time
pm I-time
to O
goto O
the O
concert B-event_name
alarm_set

set O
an O
alarms O
for O
me O
at O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

mame O
an O
alarm O
for O
four B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

mike O
me O
a O
wake O
up O
alarm O
for O
eight O
hundred O
and O
forty O
five O
am O
alarm_set

gow O
to O
alarm O
on O
menu O
alarm_set

chained O
the O
time O
alarm_set

sen O
alarm O
alarm_set

sec O
an O
alarm O
for O
nine B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

set O
a O
wane O
up O
call O
for O
ten B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

i O
nude O
a O
reminder O
alarm O
at O
one B-time
alarm_set

mae O
an O
alarm O
for O
three B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

turns O
on O
an O
alarm O
for O
nine B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

sel O
an O
alarm O
for O
one B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

starts O
alarm O
alarm_set

sent O
alarm O
to O
begin O
alarm_set

changing O
alarm O
to O
start O
at O
alarm_set

i O
wand O
to O
wake O
up O
at O
six O
hundred O
am O
tomorrow B-date
please O
alarm_set

pleased O
set O
the O
alarm O
for O
next B-timeofday
morning I-timeofday
to O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

quine O
audio_volume_mute

stp O
audio_volume_mute

pauls O
for O
ten B-time
seconds I-time
audio_volume_mute

mule O
volume O
audio_volume_mute

pleased O
be O
quiet O
for O
another B-time
hour I-time
audio_volume_mute

mule O
audio_volume_mute

de O
not O
speak O
today B-date
audio_volume_mute

silence O
audio_volume_mute

silent O
please O
audio_volume_mute

sneakers O
off O
audio_volume_mute

quaint O
please O
audio_volume_mute

can O
you O
mule O
when O
i O
am O
not O
home O
audio_volume_mute

must O
yosef O
when O
i O
am O
in O
a O
meeting B-event_name
audio_volume_mute

meuse O
for O
the O
next B-time
hour I-time
please O
audio_volume_mute

sgt O
mute O
for O
twenty O
mins O
audio_volume_mute

don O
't O
tonk O
until O
i O
ask O
you O
to O
audio_volume_mute

pick B-color_type
is O
all O
we O
need O
iot_hue_lightchange

make O
the O
lining O
bit O
more O
warm B-color_type
here O
iot_hue_lightchange

plea O
set O
the O
lighting O
suitable B-color_type
for I-color_type
reading I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

sent O
lights O
to B-change_amount
twenty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightchange

sect O
brightness O
to B-change_amount
fifty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightchange

pleased O
set O
the O
lights O
to O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

plead O
make O
the O
lights O
reading B-color_type
friendly I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

plea O
make O
the O
lights O
watching B-color_type
friendly I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

chained O
the O
lights O
into O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

tur O
the O
lights O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

left O
's O
have O
the O
lights O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

mace O
the O
lights O
shine B-color_type
blue I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

can O
you O
changing O
the O
light O
colors O
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

can O
you O
shuttle B-player_setting
the O
light O
colors O
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

can O
you O
changes O
the O
light O
colors O
into O
dark B-color_type
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

chained O
my O
room O
lights O
to O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

chained O
my O
room O
lights O
to O
some O
romantic B-color_type
colour O
iot_hue_lightchange

chained O
my O
room O
lights O
so O
that O
i O
can O
get O
a O
good B-color_type
sleep I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

changing O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
kitfchen O
to O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

fi O
<unk> O
thee O
lights O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
to O
red B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

changing O
the O
bedroom B-house_place
lights O
to O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

changing O
the O
light O
color O
to O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

turf O
the O
lights O
off O
please O
iot_hue_lightoff

tie O
to O
sleep O
iot_hue_lightoff

turk O
off O
the O
light O
in O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
the O
light O
off O
in O
the O
bedroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

light O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

goods O
night O
lights O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

sich O
off O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

can O
you O
plead O
switch O
of O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

i O
watt O
the O
light O
switched O
off O
can O
you O
do O
it O
for O
me O
iot_hue_lightoff

tur O
off O
the O
light O
in O
the O
leaving O
room O
iot_hue_lightoff

turan O
the O
security B-device_type
light I-device_type
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

turf O
off O
the O
garage B-house_place
light O
iot_hue_lightoff

turf O
off O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turf O
off O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

light O
off O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

thurn O
off O
light O
iot_hue_lightoff

turan O
off O
lamp B-device_type
iot_hue_lightoff

boy O
switch O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

bay O
remote O
sensor O
iot_hue_lightoff

bay O
main O
power O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
the O
light O
off O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

pleased O
set O
the O
lights O
off O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

lie O
off O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

thurn O
off O
one O
light O
on O
porch B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

add O
the O
darkness O
has O
fallen O
iot_hue_lighton

anh O
the O
light O
began O
iot_hue_lighton

int O
's O
awfully O
dark O
here O
iot_hue_lighton

dil O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
hall B-house_place
iot_hue_lightdim

dom O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
kitchen B-house_place
iot_hue_lightdim

mace O
a O
room B-house_place
darker O
iot_hue_lightdim

tur O
down O
the O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

reduces O
the O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

loner O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

decreased O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

diu O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

changes O
the O
lights O
to O
dim O
iot_hue_lightdim

turf O
the O
lights O
down O
iot_hue_lightdim

cand O
you O
lower O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

i O
needs O
to O
turn O
the O
lights O
down O
iot_hue_lightdim

clan O
the O
flat B-house_place
iot_cleaning

it O
's O
dirt O
here O
make O
some O
noise O
iot_cleaning

valued O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_cleaning

clinic O
is O
good O
dust O
is O
so O
bad O
do O
now O
your O
magic O
clean O
my O
carpet B-house_place
iot_cleaning

hoosier O
the O
hallway B-house_place
iot_cleaning

hover O
the O
carpets B-house_place
around O
iot_cleaning

hoy O
start O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
robot I-device_type
iot_cleaning

enables O
cleaner B-device_type
robot I-device_type
iot_cleaning

thurn O
cleaner B-device_type
robot I-device_type
on O
iot_cleaning

clan O
the O
floor B-house_place
please O
iot_cleaning

stars O
a O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

value O
the O
kitchen B-house_place
iot_cleaning

tur O
on O
the O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

starts O
vaccum O
iot_cleaning

begun O
vaccum O
iot_cleaning

pleased O
start O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

can O
you O
turan O
on O
the O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

chuck O
when O
the O
show O
starts O
calendar_query

my O
meaning B-event_name
friday B-date
is O
in O
eastern O
standard O
time O
calendar_query

pleads O
tell O
me O
current O
events O
for O
the O
day B-time
calendar_query

can O
you O
confers O
that O
my O
meeting B-event_name
for O
tomorrow B-date
has O
been O
cancelled O
calendar_query

iu O
the O
meeting B-event_name
scheduled O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

do O
the O
kicks O
have O
a O
game O
at O
home B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
calendar_query

wheat O
is O
the O
time O
for O
jimmy O
's O
party O
calendar_query

witt O
are O
the O
upcoming O
reminders O
calendar_query

cull O
bill B-person
to O
reschedule O
our O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

gis O
me O
idea O
about O
the O
day O
calendar_query

hrw O
will O
be O
today B-date
for O
me O
calendar_query

cant O
you O
tell O
me O
about O
today B-date
calendar_query

watt O
's O
my O
upcoming B-date
week I-date
look O
like O
calendar_query

mya O
weekly O
plan O
calendar_query

moy O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

wt O
is O
up O
in O
my O
schedule O
today B-date
calendar_query

hrw O
is O
my O
schedule O
for O
the O
day O
calendar_query

scheduled O
calendar_query

moy O
schedule O
calendar_query

i O
hv O
a O
doctor O
's O
appointment O
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
today B-date
calendar_query

when O
and O
wears O
monet O
's O
exhibition O
takes O
place O
calendar_query

is O
there O
anyang O
i O
should O
be O
reminded O
about O
calendar_query

wnt O
's O
my O
agenda O
for O
the O
remainder B-time
of I-time
the I-time
week I-time
calendar_query

do O
i O
halves O
meeting B-event_name
with O
steve B-person
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

wren O
is O
peter O
's O
birthday B-event_name
calendar_query

hoe O
many O
reminders O
do O
i O
have O
calendar_query

tells O
me O
about O
oldest O
reminder O
calendar_query

ready O
most O
recent O
reminder O
calendar_query

wits O
next O
in O
my O
schedule O
calendar_query

wien O
is O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

wnt O
time O
is O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

wheat O
's O
the O
name O
of O
the O
event O
calendar_query

dw O
i O
have O
any O
events O
today B-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
halved O
anything O
booked O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

ag O
i O
free B-event_name
this O
saturday B-date
calendar_query

wheat O
time O
is O
my O
doctor B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

wu O
am O
i O
meeting O
at O
work O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

weg O
is O
my O
appointment B-event_name
with O
doctor B-relation
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

de O
i O
have O
any O
reminders O
calendar_query

watt O
is O
my O
next O
reminder O
calendar_query

iis O
there O
any O
reminder O
for O
me O
calendar_query

wat O
events O
are O
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

wnt O
is O
next O
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

tull O
me O
about O
my O
events O
calendar_query

is O
then O
any O
event O
today B-date
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

do O
i O
hv O
any O
appointments O
this O
weekend B-time
calendar_query

it O
my O
calendar O
free O
for O
thursday B-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
hath O
any O
meeting O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_query

shone O
me O
my O
meetings O
this B-date
friday I-date
calendar_query

tall O
me O
my O
meetings O
this B-date
wednesday I-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_query

do O
i O
hov O
any O
event O
on O
my O
calendar O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
from O
ten B-time
to O
eleven B-time
calendar_query

shows O
me O
my O
calendar O
event O
this B-date
friday I-date
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_query

have O
you O
adam O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
tom B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

am O
i O
growing O
to O
a O
hairdresser B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
halved O
any O
meetings B-event_name
on O
friday O
's O
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_query

wt O
time O
am O
i O
meeting B-event_name
john B-person
tomorow O
calendar_query

gives O
me O
the O
address O
of O
my O
hairdresser B-relation
for O
the O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

wu O
i O
am O
meeting O
with O
on O
wednesday B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

de O
i O
have O
any O
meetings B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

wat O
time O
am O
i O
meeting B-event_name
my O
dentist B-relation
on O
friday B-date
calendar_query

ag O
i O
busy O
on O
wednesday B-date
evening B-timeofday
calendar_query

do O
i O
hath O
any O
meetings B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

dvd O
i O
set O
reminder O
for O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

lisp O
out O
my O
schedule O
today B-date
calendar_query

shone O
up O
the O
events O
for O
me O
today B-date
calendar_query

showy O
me O
the O
programmes O
i O
have O
today B-date
calendar_query

ims O
there O
any O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

witt O
are O
all O
the O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

leng O
me O
know O
about O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

wheat O
are O
next O
scheduled O
events O
calendar_query

can O
you O
tall O
me O
the O
next O
scheduled O
event O
calendar_query

can O
you O
briefs O
about O
the O
next O
scheduled O
events O
calendar_query

what O
elects O
do O
i O
have O
coming O
up O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

what O
impotent O
dates O
are O
there O
in O
my O
calendar O
this B-date
month I-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
hmv O
any O
upcoming O
events O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

wt O
time O
is O
my O
meeting B-event_name
on O
thursday B-date
calendar_query

wien O
is O
my O
meeting B-event_name
with O
human B-business_name
resources I-business_name
calendar_query

wren O
is O
that O
sales B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
set O
for O
calendar_query

wien O
is O
the O
next O
appointment B-event_name
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

goody O
calendar_query

belt O
calendar_query

watt O
are O
the O
show B-event_name
timings O
calendar_query

arf O
there O
morning B-timeofday
shows B-event_name
available O
calendar_query

can O
you O
gig O
me O
the O
movie B-event_name
schedule O
calendar_query

what O
is O
happened O
after B-time
one I-time
and O
before B-time
three I-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

what O
's O
goings O
on O
between O
and O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

what O
's O
schedules O
for O
the O
next B-time
three I-time
hours I-time
calendar_query

who O
is O
schedule O
for O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

who O
is O
incited O
to O
tomorrow O
's O
get B-event_name
together I-event_name
calendar_query

who O
shed O
i O
expect O
to O
be O
at O
the O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

de O
i O
have O
any O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

is O
them O
any O
program O
for O
tomorrow B-date
evening B-timeofday
calendar_query

ish O
it O
friday B-date
calendar_query

witt O
is O
my O
event O
schedule O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

witt O
is O
on O
event O
calendar O
for O
today B-date
calendar_query

watt O
events O
are O
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

wt O
time O
is O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

how O
many O
meeting B-event_name
do O
i O
have O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

wary O
is O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

are O
theirs O
any O
meetings B-event_name
set O
for O
next O
wednesday B-date
calendar_query

i O
went O
to O
listen O
arijit B-artist_name
singh I-artist_name
song O
once O
again O
play_music

i O
went O
to O
play O
that O
music B-media_type
one O
again O
play_music

pleads O
play O
yesterday B-song_name
from O
beattles O
play_music

i O
'd O
lice O
to O
hear O
queen O
's O
barcelona B-song_name
play_music

ply O
me O
barcelona B-song_name
by O
queen B-artist_name
play_music

stara O
playing O
music O
from O
favourites O
play_music

pleased O
play O
my O
best O
music O
play_music

pay O
something O
from O
recent O
playlist O
play_music

plays O
hurts B-song_name
like I-song_name
heaven I-song_name
play_music

plays O
a O
song O
i O
like O
play_music

pet O
on O
cannibal B-song_name
queen I-song_name
play_music

ploy O
daft B-artist_name
punk I-artist_name
play_music

putt O
on O
some O
coldplay B-artist_name
play_music

pay O
some O
david B-artist_name
bowie I-artist_name
play_music

pay O
my O
jazz B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

stars O
my O
jazz B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

plays O
my O
favourite O
playlist O
play_music

cand O
you O
play O
some O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

is O
like O
to O
listen O
to O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

ploy O
it O
again O
please O
play_music

ply O
my O
rock B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

tur O
on O
my O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
playlist O
play_music

plays O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

turan O
on O
my O
playlist O
and O
play O
third O
song O
in O
the O
queue O
play_music

ploy O
last B-song_name
song I-song_name
from O
my O
favourite O
playlist O
play_music

pay O
music O
from O
my O
rock B-playlist_name
list I-playlist_name
play_music

ply O
me O
some O
hihop B-music_genre
play_music

i O
fief O
like O
jazz B-music_genre
right O
now O
how O
about O
you O
play_music

deng O
metal B-music_genre
now O
play_music

pay O
a O
good O
track O
from O
my O
favourite O
jazz B-music_genre
player O
play_music

ply O
music O
from O
my O
fav O
pianist B-music_genre
play_music

ply O
a O
nirvana B-playlist_name
playlist I-playlist_name
play_music

shuffled B-player_setting
songs O
by O
coldplay B-artist_name
play_music

pay O
chopin B-artist_name
play_music

once B-song_name
dance I-song_name
play_music

sevens B-song_name
years I-song_name
play_music

cheek B-song_name
thrills I-song_name
play_music

ure O
shortcut O
play_music

buttons O
play_music

menus O
play_music

play O
the O
trask B-song_name
eight I-song_name
from O
google B-playlist_name
play I-playlist_name
music O
play_music

play O
the O
seconds O
song O
from O
anirudh O
's O
song O
play_music

ply O
a O
song O
randomly O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

gow O
to O
menu O
play_music

cheese O
that O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

ploy O
the O
song O
play_music

pleads O
play O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

pleads O
open O
my O
music O
application O
and O
play O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

pleads O
play O
the O
song O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

play O
a O
randal O
song O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

plays O
a O
song O
from O
my O
favourites O
play_music

play O
a O
renzo B-music_genre
song O
in O
my O
playlist O
play_music

plays O
why B-song_name
do I-song_name
you I-song_name
sing I-song_name
by O
kirk B-artist_name
franklin I-artist_name
play_music

pay O
any O
song O
by O
joe B-artist_name
prsaise I-artist_name
play_music

pay O
every B-song_name
praise I-song_name
play_music

pay O
some O
<unk> O
play_music

stara O
playing O
play_music

musica O
please O
play_music

ploy O
my O
r O
. O
n O
. O
b O
. O
playlist O
play_music

i O
wook O
like O
to O
listen O
to O
pop B-music_genre
music O
please O
play_music

can O
you O
ply O
rock B-music_genre
music O
for O
the O
next B-time
hour I-time
play_music

pay O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
folder O
play_music

opel O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
folder O
play_music

ply O
all O
albums O
by O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
play_music

ploy O
metallica B-artist_name
play_music

what O
playlist O
do O
you O
have O
for O
pop B-music_genre
music O
play_music

plays O
old B-music_descriptor
fashioned I-music_descriptor
christmas I-music_descriptor
music O
play_music

i O
wan O
to O
listen O
to O
rock B-music_genre
music O
play_music

is O
want O
to O
listen O
classical B-music_genre
music O
play_music

is O
want O
to O
listen O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

ploy O
songs O
by O
sia B-artist_name
play_music

ply O
the O
weeknd O
play_music

opens O
songs O
by O
prince B-artist_name
play_music

sect O
the O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

ploy O
a O
genre O
of O
music O
play_music

pao O
tonic B-music_descriptor
play_music

ply O
songs O
bu O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

owen O
songs O
from O
major B-artist_name
lazer I-artist_name
play_music

ply O
neverland B-song_name
by O
metallica B-artist_name
play_music

plays O
my O
favorite O
song O
play_music

pay O
my O
most O
played O
songs O
play_music

plays O
the O
song O
sung O
by O
katy B-artist_name
perry I-artist_name
play_music

plays O
the O
song O
immediately B-song_name
play_music

cheese O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

pal O
the O
playlist O
play_music

ply O
mf B-artist_name
doom I-artist_name
anything O
play_music

cad O
i O
get O
some O
background B-music_descriptor
music O
play_music

ply O
all O
by O
playlist O
play_music

ploy O
one B-playlist_name
through I-playlist_name
ten I-playlist_name
on O
list O
play_music

pleased O
play O
artist O
first O
in O
queue O
play_music

plead O
turn O
on O
the O
music O
i O
want O
to O
hear O
my O
favorites O
songs O
play_music

can O
i O
hears O
the O
fifty B-music_descriptor
hits I-music_descriptor
that O
you O
can O
hear O
on O
radios O
now O
play_music

pleased O
turn O
on O
classic B-music_genre
music O
for O
the O
dinner O
now O
play_music

pleads O
i O
want O
to O
hear O
we B-song_name
will I-song_name
rock I-song_name
you I-song_name
from O
queen B-artist_name
play_music

can O
you O
turk O
on O
the O
hit B-music_descriptor
song I-music_descriptor
of O
lady B-artist_name
gaga I-artist_name
play_music

i O
went O
to O
hear O
my O
favorite O
song O
from O
iron B-artist_name
maiden I-artist_name
play_music

pay O
playlist O
number B-playlist_name
seven I-playlist_name
play_music

starts O
playlist O
play_music

plays O
songs O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

plead O
play O
the O
radio O
gaga B-artist_name
song O
play_music

pleads O
let O
me O
hear O
six B-song_name
hundred I-song_name
and I-song_name
sixty I-song_name
six I-song_name
the I-song_name
number I-song_name
of I-song_name
the I-song_name
beast I-song_name
play_music

pay O
the O
last B-music_descriptor
hit I-music_descriptor
song O
of O
metallica B-artist_name
last O
album O
please O
play_music

refined O
me O
to O
play O
this O
song O
tonight B-timeofday
play_music

pleads O
play O
me O
a O
song O
from O
my O
fevorate O
list O
play_music

plays O
me O
a O
song O
play_music

ploy O
me O
a O
song O
of O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

cas O
locate O
some O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
play_music

i O
went O
to O
listen O
to O
some O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
play_music

con O
you O
play O
my O
last B-song_name
song I-song_name
play_music

pay O
the O
song O
by O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
play_music

ploy O
the O
song O
from O
last B-date
night I-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
play_music

i O
watt O
to O
hear O
radio B-artist_name
head I-artist_name
please O
play_music

ploy O
madonna B-artist_name
now O
play_music

is O
want O
to O
hear O
chopin B-artist_name
now O
play_music

pay O
the O
latest O
song O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

i O
wnt O
to O
hear O
the O
songs O
of O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

play O
enrique B-artist_name
invasive I-artist_name
song O
after O
this O
one O
play_music

play O
the O
latent O
songs O
by O
senelena B-artist_name
gomez I-artist_name
after O
this O
o O
play_music

ploy O
music O
i O
have O
liked O
play_music

play O
song O
from O
the O
r O
. O
n O
. O
b O
. O
and O
soul B-music_genre
genre O
play_music

chuck O
my O
car O
is O
ready O
general_quirky

chuck O
my O
laptop O
is O
working O
general_quirky

is O
the O
brightest O
of O
my O
screen O
running O
low O
general_quirky

i O
needy O
to O
have O
location O
services O
on O
can O
you O
check O
general_quirky

check O
the O
stratus O
of O
my O
power O
usage O
general_quirky

i O
wan O
the O
status O
on O
my O
screen O
brightness O
general_quirky

gif O
me O
the O
status O
on O
my O
available O
memory O
general_quirky

i O
am O
neat O
tired O
i O
am O
actually O
happy O
general_quirky

tele O
me O
about O
today B-date
general_quirky

hoy O
what O
are O
you O
up O
to O
general_quirky

wnt O
mistakes O
do O
you O
usually O
make O
general_quirky

wat O
things O
can O
't O
you O
do O
general_quirky

is O
is O
already O
late O
general_quirky

encourages O
the O
students O
general_quirky

destabilize O
design O
general_quirky

gp O
general_quirky

shook O
i O
be O
concerned O
about O
the O
robot B-device_type
vacuum I-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
upon O
startup O
general_quirky

hrw O
is O
michael B-person
schumacher I-person
doing O
general_quirky

wry O
is O
it O
snowing O
so O
much O
in O
my B-place_name
city I-place_name
general_quirky

wu O
general_quirky

confer O
to O
buy O
laptop B-device_type
general_quirky

is O
intended O
to O
do O
it O
general_quirky

alto O
a O
pleasure O
general_quirky

how O
many O
torpedoes B-news_topic
have O
there O
been O
this B-date
month I-date
general_quirky

gig O
me O
the O
most O
recent O
stuff O
you O
have O
angelina B-person
jolie I-person
general_quirky

is O
said O
general_quirky

nitride O
general_quirky

hoe O
about O
u O
general_quirky

i O
am O
hunger O
, O
please O
contact O
china O
wok O
for O
a O
number O
seven O
. O
general_quirky

did O
obama B-person
rhyl O
wire O
tap O
trump O
's O
hotel O
general_quirky

has O
apron O
the O
giraffe O
had O
her O
baby O
general_quirky

iis O
the O
giraffe O
baby O
born O
yet O
general_quirky

borgo O
general_quirky

ansar O
general_quirky

div O
you O
meet O
her O
general_quirky

grt O
with O
new O
one O
general_quirky

dis O
you O
set O
the O
phone O
on O
flight O
mode O
general_quirky

dis O
you O
change O
the O
wallpaper O
general_quirky

howl O
long O
is O
this O
general_quirky

annoying O
i O
need O
to O
know O
general_quirky

do O
i O
neat O
to O
spare O
washing O
my O
car O
today B-date
general_quirky

loved O
to O
jake O
for O
financial O
support O
general_quirky

tanks O
to O
ally O
for O
the O
photos O
general_quirky

warm O
washes O
to O
mac O
for O
new O
job O
general_quirky

meeting O
of O
a O
particular O
word O
general_quirky

to O
get O
mort O
information O
about O
a O
historic O
event O
general_quirky

huw O
do O
you O
fell O
general_quirky

hoy O
i O
missed O
you O
general_quirky

tua O
was O
super O
busy O
today B-date
general_quirky

is O
really O
enjoyed O
sunny O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

wh O
had O
great O
dinner O
today B-date
general_quirky

wits O
happening O
in O
my O
day O
general_quirky

wits O
going O
on O
today B-date
general_quirky

tells O
me O
about O
my O
day O
general_quirky

doric O
do O
you O
notice O
something O
odd O
about O
your O
world O
general_quirky

dlr O
how O
was O
your O
day O
general_quirky

dvd O
you O
have O
a O
good O
day O
general_quirky

listened O
what O
have O
happened O
to O
me O
today O
general_quirky

i O
was O
lake O
today B-date
for O
the O
meeting B-event_name
you O
would O
not O
believe O
what O
happened O
general_quirky

do O
you O
wan O
to O
hear O
what O
have O
happened O
today B-date
general_quirky

wheat O
's O
on O
your O
mind O
general_quirky

tele O
me O
a O
random O
trivia O
general_quirky

howl O
you O
know O
me O
general_quirky

howl O
its O
possible O
general_quirky

itc O
was O
a O
great O
day O
general_quirky

mya O
day O
was O
full O
of O
work O
general_quirky

i O
had O
sloth O
day O
with O
bad O
weather O
as O
well O
general_quirky

is O
am O
exhausted O
from O
work O
general_quirky

is O
went O
to O
the O
park O
general_quirky

toodyay B-date
i O
am O
feeling O
very O
stressed O
general_quirky

toodyay O
's O
day O
is O
really O
tiring O
general_quirky

is O
had O
a O
bad O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

is O
is O
afa O
day O
it O
looks O
it O
will O
rain O
the O
whole O
day O
general_quirky

did O
you O
which O
the O
news O
about O
the O
car O
accident O
that O
happened O
last B-date
night I-date
general_quirky

it O
wed O
be O
great O
to O
dinner O
in O
this O
new O
opened O
restaurant B-business_type
downtown B-place_name
general_quirky

his O
how O
are O
you O
doing O
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
i O
wan O
to O
know O
about O
your O
inception O
general_quirky

hey O
tall O
me O
more O
about O
my O
meetings B-event_name
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
wren O
is O
my O
friend O
's O
birthday B-event_name
coming O
up O
general_quirky

tray B-date
was O
too O
busy O
general_quirky

tray B-date
wore O
me O
out O
general_quirky

i O
welt O
to O
the O
grocery O
store O
today B-date
general_quirky

tess O
question O
does O
not O
make O
sense O
general_quirky

plea O
see O
what O
you O
wrote O
for O
this O
question O
general_quirky

i O
do O
nom O
know O
how O
to O
answer O
this O
question O
you O
left O
a O
word O
or O
two O
out O
general_quirky

moy O
day O
was O
hectic O
general_quirky

moy O
day O
was O
stressful O
general_quirky

moy O
day O
was O
fun O
general_quirky

tray B-date
was O
stressful O
general_quirky

toodyay B-date
was O
fun O
general_quirky

tray B-date
was O
okay O
general_quirky

is O
am O
going O
to O
work O
today B-date
general_quirky

is O
am O
leaving O
early O
today B-date
general_quirky

is O
had O
a O
bad O
day O
general_quirky

wat O
should O
i O
do O
today B-date
general_quirky

wnt O
can O
you O
do O
general_quirky

toodyay B-date
i O
had O
a O
record O
breaking O
sale O
general_quirky

i O
meet O
my O
future O
wife B-relation
today B-date
please O
set O
up O
a O
date O
next O
friday B-date
general_quirky

i O
washed O
the O
best O
movie O
please O
reserve O
me O
a O
copy O
when O
it O
releases O
general_quirky

howl O
's O
it O
hangin O
general_quirky

good O
mooring O
isn O
't O
it O
a O
great O
day O
general_quirky

toodyay B-date
i O
got O
rewards O
general_quirky

is O
helped O
a O
poor O
needy O
today B-date
general_quirky

i O
'm O
soy O
happy O
today B-date
i O
got O
tickets O
for O
the O
concert B-event_name
general_quirky

is O
had O
a O
relaxing O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

them O
was O
heavy O
traffic O
on O
my O
way O
home O
general_quirky

i O
head O
a O
lot O
of O
meetings B-event_name
today B-date
general_quirky

witt O
do O
you O
do O
general_quirky

witt O
's O
up O
general_greet

huw O
are O
you O
general_greet

wt O
's O
the O
time O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_query

tall O
me O
the O
time O
in O
moscow B-place_name
datetime_query

tech O
me O
today O
's O
date O
datetime_query

wnt O
date O
is O
it O
today B-date
datetime_query

watt O
's O
the O
date O
is O
currently O
datetime_query

watts O
the O
day O
today B-date
datetime_query

thanks O
the O
date O
datetime_query

wt O
is O
the O
time O
datetime_query

tech O
me O
the O
time O
datetime_query

wnt O
time O
is O
it O
datetime_query

wnt O
's O
date O
today B-date
datetime_query

wt O
day O
is O
today B-date
datetime_query

tele O
me O
a O
date O
datetime_query

watt O
time O
is O
it O
in O
las B-place_name
vegas I-place_name
datetime_query

wheat O
time O
is O
it O
in O
beijing B-place_name
datetime_query

wnt O
's O
the O
time O
datetime_query

ils O
it O
five B-time
o O
clock O
already O
datetime_query

wheat O
's O
the O
time O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
datetime_query

witt O
's O
the O
time O
in O
tokyo B-place_name
now O
datetime_query

ish O
it O
night O
time O
in O
peru B-place_name
datetime_query

wt O
time O
is O
it O
in O
moscow B-place_name
now O
datetime_query

how O
mani O
days O
are O
left O
in O
this B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

wt O
day O
is O
new O
year O
's O
eve O
this B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

wnt O
day O
is O
memorial O
day O
this B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

watt O
day O
of O
the O
week O
is O
the O
twenty B-date
second I-date
march I-date
datetime_query

tents B-date
ninth I-date
march I-date
comes O
on O
what O
day O
datetime_query

wat O
day O
of O
the O
week O
is O
first B-date
april I-date
datetime_query

con O
you O
tell O
me O
the O
time O
datetime_query

watt O
is O
the O
current O
time O
datetime_query

watt O
is O
the O
current O
date O
datetime_query

ish O
it O
monday B-date
today B-date
datetime_query

wnt O
day O
is O
it O
today B-date
datetime_query

wt O
day O
of O
the O
month B-date
is O
next O
tuesday B-date
datetime_query

watt O
is O
today O
's O
date O
datetime_query

wheat O
is O
the O
date O
and O
time O
datetime_query

wnt O
day O
is O
it O
datetime_query

tull O
me O
the O
date O
and O
the O
time O
datetime_query

watt O
's O
the O
date O
datetime_query

tele O
me O
the O
hour O
datetime_query

wt O
time O
is O
it O
in O
the O
other B-place_name
time I-place_name
zones I-place_name
datetime_query

wt O
time O
zone O
is O
arizona B-place_name
datetime_query

watt O
time O
is O
it O
in O
the O
east B-place_name
datetime_query

wheat O
time O
is O
it O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
city I-place_name
datetime_query

wheat O
is O
the O
time O
in O
india B-place_name
right O
now O
datetime_query

wat O
time O
is O
it O
right O
now O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_query

wat O
time O
is O
it O
in O
des B-place_name
moines I-place_name
datetime_query

watts O
the O
time O
in O
denver B-place_name
datetime_query

howl O
the O
time O
in O
key B-place_name
largo I-place_name
datetime_query

watts O
the O
time O
datetime_query

wnt O
time O
is O
it O
right O
now O
datetime_query

gig O
me O
the O
time O
datetime_query

how O
many O
barangay O
's O
are O
on O
twenty B-date
third I-date
datetime_query

iv O
it O
second B-date
saturday I-date
on O
twelfth B-date
datetime_query

ids O
there O
christmas B-event_name
on O
twenty B-date
second I-date
datetime_query

wt O
is O
the O
date O
datetime_query

wat O
is O
the O
time O
in O
the O
pacific B-time_zone
timezone O
datetime_query

witt O
is O
the O
time O
in O
the O
eastern B-time_zone
timezone O
datetime_query

wheat O
is O
the O
time O
in O
alaska B-place_name
datetime_query

wnt O
day O
of O
the O
week O
is O
thanksgiving B-event_name
datetime_query

witt O
is O
the O
last O
day O
of O
the O
month B-date
datetime_query

wheat O
day O
of O
the O
month O
is O
fat B-date
tuesday I-date
datetime_query

wheat O
time O
is O
it O
eastern B-time_zone
datetime_query

tech O
me O
the O
time O
in O
g O
. O
m O
. O
t O
. O
plus O
five O
datetime_convert

it O
is O
fife O
hundred O
and O
forty O
five O
am O
in O
liverpool B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
now O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
datetime_convert

givens O
it O
is O
four O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
five O
pm O
in O
london B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
it O
in O
melbourne B-place_name
datetime_convert

witt O
time O
is O
twelve B-time
pm I-time
eastern B-time_zone
time O
in O
pacific B-time_zone
time O
datetime_convert

in O
it O
is O
noon B-timeofday
in O
virginia B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
it O
in O
california B-place_name
datetime_convert

wat O
is O
the O
time O
difference O
between O
eastern B-time_zone
time O
and O
pacific B-time_zone
time I-time_zone
datetime_convert

plead O
can O
i O
know O
what O
time O
will O
it O
be O
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
here O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_convert

can O
you O
tele O
how O
many O
hours O
of O
difference O
are O
between O
boston B-place_name
and O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
datetime_convert

please O
converts O
the O
time O
of O
here O
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
to O
brasil B-place_name
timezone O
datetime_convert

list O
most O
razed O
deliveroo O
options O
for O
chinese B-food_type
food O
takeaway_query

i O
wnt O
some O
curry B-food_type
to O
go O
any O
recommendations O
takeaway_query

fina O
my O
thai B-food_type
takeaways B-order_type
around O
grassmarket B-place_name
takeaway_query

wits O
with O
my O
dinner O
order O
takeaway_query

doha O
byron O
's O
supports O
takeaways B-order_type
takeaway_query

wren O
is O
my O
order O
arriving O
takeaway_query

hoe O
long O
until O
my O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

dano O
's O
delivery B-order_type
status O
takeaway_query

cn O
they O
provide O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

cpn O
they O
do O
delivery B-order_type
takeaway_query

de O
they O
deliver B-order_type
home O
takeaway_query

doe O
dominos B-food_type
do O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

does O
my O
favorites O
pizza B-food_type
place O
available O
for O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

fine O
out O
if O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
does O
takeaway B-order_type
orders O
takeaway_query

searches O
if O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
does O
take B-order_type
out I-order_type
takeaway_query

is O
them O
a O
takeout B-order_type
menu O
at O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
takeaway_query

how O
munch O
time O
it O
will O
take O
to O
prepare O
the O
order O
takeaway_query

prepared O
the O
order O
as O
soon O
as O
possible O
takeaway_query

i O
just O
order O
food O
call O
and O
see O
it O
has O
been O
delivered B-order_type
takeaway_query

checks O
on O
the O
delivery B-order_type
of O
my O
current O
order O
takeaway_query

call O
the O
restraint B-business_type
to O
see O
if O
the O
delivery B-order_type
is O
on O
the O
way O
takeaway_query

cancelled O
my O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

removes O
the O
alarm O
set O
for O
ten B-time
pm I-time
alarm_remove

stoop O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

deleting O
the O
alarm O
i O
just O
set O
alarm_remove

removed O
the O
alarm O
alarm_remove

removes O
the O
first O
alarm O
alarm_remove

disciple O
the O
first O
alarm O
alarm_remove

deleted O
the O
first O
aarm O
alarm_remove

tur O
off O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

consul O
my O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

grt O
rid O
of O
my O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

removes O
wake B-alarm_type
up I-alarm_type
calls O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
alarm_remove

witt O
alarms O
i O
have O
set O
alarm_query

pleads O
list O
active O
alarms O
alarm_query

tells O
me O
about O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

shone O
me O
the O
alarms O
i O
set O
alarm_query

ds O
i O
have O
any O
alarms O
alarm_query

shows O
alarms O
alarm_query

do O
i O
haque O
an O
alarm O
set O
for O
morning B-timeofday
flight B-event_name
alarm_query

dad O
i O
set O
an O
alarm O
to O
wake B-alarm_type
up I-alarm_type
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
alarm_query

arm O
there O
any O
alarms O
alarm_query

wt O
's O
my O
next O
alarm O
alarm_query

pleads O
tell O
me O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

wnt O
time O
will O
my O
alarm O
go O
off O
today B-date
alarm_query

watt O
alarms O
do O
i O
have O
set O
alarm_query

rcd O
me O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

witt O
time O
are O
my O
alarms O
set O
for O
alarm_query

conferred O
the O
alarm O
time O
alarm_query

wnt O
alarms O
are O
set O
alarm_query

watch O
alarms O
do O
i O
have O
alarm_query

ds O
i O
have O
an O
alarm O
set O
alarm_query

hrw O
many O
alarms O
are O
listed O
alarm_query

wits O
new O
in O
london B-place_name
news_query

tall O
me O
latest O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

wits O
happening O
in O
football B-news_topic
today B-date
news_query

teal O
me O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

wits O
the O
news O
on O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

witt O
is O
the O
bbc O
's O
latest O
news O
news_query

tech O
me O
latest O
technology B-news_topic
news O
news_query

tech O
me O
some O
business B-news_topic
news O
news_query

tele O
me O
international B-place_name
news O
news_query

wt O
's O
happening O
in O
america B-place_name
news_query

what O
's O
goings O
on O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

wnt O
's O
happening O
in O
cambridge B-place_name
news_query

showy O
me O
some O
news O
from O
bbc B-media_type
news_query

pay O
cnn B-media_type
news O
news_query

hazards B-media_type
news_query

wnt O
is O
the O
current O
state O
of O
brexit B-news_topic
negotiations I-news_topic
news_query

wnt O
is O
the O
exchange B-news_topic
rate I-news_topic
of I-news_topic
us I-news_topic
dollar I-news_topic
to I-news_topic
pound I-news_topic
sterling I-news_topic
news_query

who O
is O
goings O
to O
win O
the O
next O
elections B-news_topic
in O
the O
france B-place_name
news_query

wheat O
is O
happening O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

tech O
me O
the O
news O
news_query

tell O
me O
tray O
's O
newspaper O
's O
headlines O
news_query

teal O
me O
some O
fresh O
info O
from O
daily B-media_type
mail I-media_type
news_query

wat O
new O
is O
happening O
in O
business B-news_topic
according O
to O
the O
economist B-media_type
news_query

tells O
me O
the O
news O
in O
technology B-news_topic
from O
engadget B-media_type
news_query

pleased O
tell O
me O
the O
latest O
news O
news_query

what O
's O
goings O
on O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

what O
are O
toodyay O
's O
top O
news O
stories O
news_query

checks O
for O
hot O
news O
in O
times B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

what O
's O
sensation O
in O
time B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

any O
dev B-news_topic
news O
in O
times B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

followed O
the O
following O
news O
topic O
news_query

keep O
me O
posts O
on O
<unk> O
subject O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

let O
me O
knows O
as O
soon O
as O
there O
is O
more O
news O
on O
<unk> O
news_query

wt O
are O
the O
latest O
news O
news_query

wnt O
are O
the O
breaking O
news O
news_query

wheat O
are O
the O
hearhrob O
news O
news_query

revd O
me O
new O
headlines O
news_query

watt O
are O
the O
latest O
news O
headlines O
news_query

wt O
's O
happening O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

grt O
me O
the O
latest O
stock B-news_topic
price I-news_topic
for I-news_topic
costco I-news_topic
news_query

who O
is O
current O
leading O
in O
the O
parliamentary B-news_topic
election I-news_topic
news_query

watch O
are O
the O
games O
lined O
up O
for O
this B-date
weekend I-date
in O
the O
english B-news_topic
premier I-news_topic
league I-news_topic
news_query

finds O
news O
about O
brexit B-news_topic
news_query

opel O
news O
about O
bp B-news_topic
oil I-news_topic
news_query

filed O
me O
news O
about O
trumps B-news_topic
speech I-news_topic
news_query

wnt O
are O
the O
latest O
world B-place_name
news O
news_query

pleads O
tell O
me O
some O
international B-place_name
news O
news_query

wnt O
are O
the O
latest O
international B-place_name
utes O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

showy O
latest O
news O
news_query

wnt O
is O
trending B-news_topic
news_query

witt O
is O
new O
news O
for O
today B-date
news_query

what O
is O
latent O
controversy O
on O
donald B-person
trump I-person
news_query

tell O
me O
abort O
current O
status O
of O
sunderland B-news_topic
vs I-news_topic
liverpool I-news_topic
match I-news_topic
how O
is O
the O
performance O
of O
liverpool O
in O
this O
match O
news_query

nhl O
news_query

tells O
me O
that O
how O
demonetization B-news_topic
policy I-news_topic
is O
affecting O
india B-place_name
tell O
me O
all O
the O
positive O
and O
negative O
outcomes O
of O
demonetization O
news_query

nhl O
news_query

tell O
me O
aloud O
latest O
controversial O
news O
of O
kim B-news_topic
kardashian I-news_topic
news_query

did O
the O
bitten B-news_topic
go I-news_topic
past I-news_topic
ten I-news_topic
mark I-news_topic
yesterday B-date
what O
is O
position O
of O
bitcoin O
as O
of O
now O
news_query

nus O
news_query

tell O
me O
abort O
first B-time
week I-time
collection O
of O
movie B-news_topic
hidden I-news_topic
figures I-news_topic
and O
also O
tell O
about O
the O
reviews O
and O
rating O
of O
the O
movie O
news_query

nus O
news_query

let O
me O
ko O
when O
there O
is O
news O
on O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

set O
nullification O
for O
news O
about O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

notifying O
me O
when O
there O
's O
news O
on O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

keeps O
me O
informed O
about O
bitcoin B-news_topic
price I-news_topic
news_query

follows O
news O
about O
hilary B-news_topic
email I-news_topic
issue I-news_topic
in O
future B-time
news_query

wheat O
happening O
in O
va O
news_query

wnt O
's O
going O
on O
in O
congress B-news_topic
news_query

who O
is O
leaping O
the O
formula B-news_topic
one I-news_topic
race O
right O
now O
news_query

wat O
is O
the O
scorecard B-news_topic
of I-news_topic
the I-news_topic
india I-news_topic
versus I-news_topic
australia I-news_topic
hockey B-news_topic
game I-news_topic
news_query

grt O
me O
the O
utes O
of O
the O
election B-news_topic
polling I-news_topic
news_query

read O
the O
headlined O
from O
new B-media_type
york I-media_type
times I-media_type
news_query

i O
wand O
to O
hear O
the O
last O
news O
form O
cnn B-media_type
news_query

can O
you O
showy O
me O
the O
last O
breaking O
news O
form O
wsj O
news_query

gif O
me O
ute O
on O
news O
news_query

wt O
is O
happening O
now O
in O
world B-place_name
news_query

gives O
me O
a O
news O
paper O
news_query

i O
went O
to O
know O
the O
news O
form O
miami B-media_type
herald I-media_type
news_query

pleased O
read O
me O
the O
last O
news O
from O
boston B-media_type
tribute I-media_type
news_query

can O
i O
knows O
the O
breaking O
news O
from O
cnn B-media_type
news_query

wt O
's O
trending B-news_topic
news_query

gut O
me O
top O
headlines O
news_query

could O
you O
plead O
give O
me O
up O
to O
date O
news O
headlines O
from O
my O
newest B-media_type
provider I-media_type
news_query

could O
you O
pleads O
search O
my O
new B-media_type
news I-media_type
provider I-media_type
for O
the O
latest O
news O
news_query

could O
you O
plead O
find O
me O
the O
latest O
news O
from O
a O
source O
that O
i O
do O
not O
usually O
go O
to O
news_query

tell O
me O
aloud O
the O
latest O
political B-news_topic
news O
news_query

tell O
me O
aloud O
the O
latest O
sports B-news_topic
news O
news_query

is O
like O
rock B-music_genre
music O
music_likeness

moy O
favourite O
music O
band O
is O
queen B-artist_name
music_likeness

is O
like O
senatra B-artist_name
songs O
music_likeness

is O
'm O
really O
enjoying O
this O
song O
music_likeness

the O
sang O
you O
are O
playing O
is O
amazing O
music_likeness

toss O
is O
one O
of O
the O
best O
songs O
for O
me O
music_likeness

tat O
's O
a O
good O
song O
music_likeness

is O
like O
it O
music_likeness

is O
like O
jazz B-music_genre
music_likeness

these O
song O
was O
very O
good O
music_likeness

is O
like O
this O
song O
music_likeness

add O
these O
song O
to O
my O
favorite O
list O
music_likeness

can O
saves O
this O
music O
in O
my O
playlist O
music_likeness

huw O
about O
you O
save O
this O
music O
music_likeness

i O
went O
the O
music O
to O
be O
saved O
can O
you O
do O
it O
for O
me O
music_likeness

itf O
peaceful O
music_likeness

rates O
this O
song O
to O
the O
maximum O
music_likeness

find O
larynx O
of O
this O
song O
and O
save O
it O
it O
is O
very O
nice O
song O
music_likeness

stave O
my O
music O
preferences O
music_likeness

stave O
my O
music O
choices O
music_likeness

witt O
's O
the O
band O
is O
playing O
now O
music_query

whose O
's O
current O
music O
's O
author O
music_query

wnt O
's O
that O
the O
album O
is O
current O
music O
from O
music_query

wits O
playing O
music_query

witt O
music O
is O
this O
music_query

tech O
me O
the O
artist O
of O
this O
song O
music_query

wnt O
's O
playing O
music_query

tech O
me O
the O
name O
of O
the O
song O
music_query

winch O
song O
is O
that O
music_query

wheat O
is O
this O
song O
music_query

what O
musique O
do O
i O
usually O
like O
after O
work O
music_query

wheat O
is O
the O
song O
music_query

what O
the O
sanger O
meant O
by O
the O
title O
of O
the O
song O
bohemian B-song_name
rhapsody I-song_name
music_query

who O
cover O
the O
song O
one B-song_name
more I-song_name
cup I-song_name
of I-song_name
coffee I-song_name
music_query

wt O
is O
the O
name O
of O
song O
music_query

whose O
is O
the O
singer O
of O
song O
music_query

watt O
is O
the O
length O
of O
song O
music_query

speech O
the O
album O
name O
with O
katy B-artist_name
perry I-artist_name
music_query

wt O
song O
is O
playing O
music_query

wu O
is O
singing O
this O
song O
music_query

emails O
me O
the O
lyrics O
to O
this O
song O
music_query

can O
you O
located O
some O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
for O
me O
music_query

who O
is O
swinging O
that O
song O
on O
now O
music_query

wt O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
song O
that O
just O
went O
off O
music_query

filed O
me O
the O
song O
currently O
palying O
music_query

wt O
is O
name O
of O
the O
song O
currently O
playing O
music_query

i O
wnt O
to O
know O
about O
this O
song O
music_query

sen O
lights O
brightness O
higher O
iot_hue_lightup

mace O
lights O
brightener O
iot_hue_lightup

pleased O
raise O
the O
lights O
to O
ma O
<unk> O
iot_hue_lightup

mike O
the O
room B-house_place
brighter O
iot_hue_lightup

mate O
the O
lights O
brighter O
iot_hue_lightup

brion O
the O
lamp B-device_type
next I-device_type
to I-device_type
the I-device_type
sofa I-device_type
iot_hue_lightup

leighton O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

idris O
brightness O
by B-change_amount
twenty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

sgt O
lights O
to B-change_amount
full I-change_amount
power I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

brightman O
my O
bedroom B-house_place
light O
iot_hue_lightup

turf O
up O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

stately B-change_amount
raise O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

increases O
the O
light O
a B-change_amount
little I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

makes O
the O
light O
more O
visible O
iot_hue_lightup

plea O
order O
some O
sushi B-food_type
for O
dinner B-meal_type
takeaway_order

hoy O
i O
'd O
like O
you O
to O
order O
burger B-food_type
takeaway_order

cul O
you O
order O
sushi B-food_type
for O
tonight B-timeofday
dinner B-meal_type
takeaway_order

can O
i O
ordre O
takeaway B-order_type
dinner B-meal_type
from O
byron O
's O
takeaway_order

orders O
a O
pizza B-food_type
takeaway_order

ordre O
me O
a O
byron B-food_type
from O
deliveroo B-business_name
takeaway_order

orders O
a O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_order

can O
i O
orders O
takeaway B-order_type
from O
spanish B-food_type
place O
takeaway_order

could O
you O
plea O
help O
me O
to O
order O
some O
sushi B-food_type
from O
deliveroo B-business_name
takeaway_order

orders O
a O
pizza B-food_type
from O
pizza B-food_type
express O
takeaway_order

i O
wd O
like O
to O
have O
a O
sushi B-food_type
can O
you O
order O
me O
a O
lunch B-meal_type
takeaway_order

order O
a O
taxiways B-order_type
sandwich B-food_type
and O
soup B-food_type
from O
the O
italian O
's O
takeaway_order

i O
watt O
two O
burgers B-food_type
and O
one O
coke B-food_type
order O
it O
fast O
takeaway_order

orders O
two O
hamburgers B-food_type
for O
me O
takeaway_order

plane O
order O
of O
one O
pizza B-food_type
takeaway_order

can O
i O
orders O
take B-order_type
out I-order_type
food O
at O
this B-time
time I-time
takeaway_order

order O
takings O
pizza B-food_type
from O
domino O
's O
for O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

pace O
order O
to O
pizza B-food_type
takeout O
for O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

schedules O
pizza B-food_type
takeout O
for O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

id O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

ip O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

ig O
it O
currently O
snowing B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

wits O
the O
weeks B-time
forecast O
weather_query

wits O
this B-date
weeks I-date
weather O
weather_query

tele O
me O
the O
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

tech O
me O
the O
weather O
weather_query

wnt O
is O
the O
weather O
now O
weather_query

ish O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
now O
weather_query

hoe O
's O
the O
weather O
like O
in O
beijing B-place_name
weather_query

tele O
me O
the O
weather O
in O
shanghai B-place_name
weather_query

hoe O
is O
the O
weather O
like O
today B-date
weather_query

ims O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

shed O
i O
bring O
an O
umbrella B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wnt O
's O
the O
weather O
in O
napels B-place_name
weather_query

ip O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
in O
barcelona B-place_name
weather_query

suny B-weather_descriptor
in O
oslo B-place_name
weather_query

wilt O
it O
rain B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

watt O
's O
going O
on O
outside O
weather_query

wnt O
is O
the O
weather O
in O
paris B-place_name
weather_query

wheat O
is O
the O
weather O
like O
in O
toronto B-place_name
weather_query

what O
is O
tray O
's O
forecast O
for O
berlin B-place_name
weather_query

dw O
you O
expect O
sun B-weather_descriptor
on O
sunday B-date
weather_query

is O
it O
goings O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
in O
the O
evening B-timeofday
weather_query

is O
it O
goings O
to O
be O
windy B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wat O
is O
the O
weather O
weather_query

wat O
is O
the O
forecast O
for O
today B-date
weather_query

wnt O
is O
the O
weather O
like O
weather_query

it O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

tull O
me O
the O
weather O
in O
barcelona B-place_name
in O
two B-time
days I-time
from I-time
now I-time
weather_query

shalt O
i O
get O
an O
umbrella B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

hap O
weather_query

earning B-timeofday
weather_query

sundays B-date
weather_query

wheat O
is O
the O
weather O
condition O
in O
ny O
weather_query

i O
wash O
to O
know O
the O
weather O
in O
sf O
weather_query

iv O
it O
snowing B-weather_descriptor
in O
california B-place_name
weather_query

huw O
will O
be O
the O
weather O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wig O
it O
be O
rainy B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

witt O
will O
be O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
out O
there O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wheat O
is O
tomorrows B-date
weather O
predicitons O
weather_query

willa O
it O
rain B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

willa O
there O
be O
snow B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wt O
's O
the O
weather O
like O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
city I-place_name
weather_query

wt O
's O
the O
humidity B-weather_descriptor
level I-weather_descriptor
weather_query

tall O
me O
if O
the O
following O
is O
true O
about O
the O
weather O
weather_query

ig O
it O
<unk> O
here O
now O
weather_query

nhl O
weather_query

nus O
weather_query

check O
the O
weser O
app O
to O
see O
if O
weather_query

wig O
it O
snow B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wilt O
it O
be O
warm B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wt O
is O
the O
weather O
like O
right O
now O
weather_query

witt O
's O
the O
weather O
like O
on O
friday B-date
weather_query

how O
warms B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
outside O
right O
now O
weather_query

watt O
is O
the O
weather O
right O
now O
outside O
weather_query

how O
ward B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
right O
now O
outside O
weather_query

iu O
it O
cold B-weather_descriptor
outside O
right O
now O
weather_query

id O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

shook O
i O
wear O
a O
jacket B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

wheat O
is O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

ip O
it O
hot B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

ibs O
is O
cold B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

selected O
the O
weather O
option O
weather_query

fines O
a O
weather O
weather_query

bly O
proper O
formula O
weather_query

bty O
get O
marks O
weather_query

bay O
our O
scores O
weather_query

it O
not O
possible O
weather_query

itn O
not O
good O
weather_query

ius O
very O
dangerous O
one O
weather_query

wheat O
's O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

hoe O
warm B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
weather_query

hrw O
cold B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
weather_query

wilt O
it O
be O
raining B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

will O
theirs O
be O
sunset O
at O
five O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

is O
them O
any O
chances O
of O
rain B-weather_descriptor
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

wat O
is O
the O
current O
weather O
weather_query

huw O
warm B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
now O
weather_query

witt O
will O
the O
weather O
be O
like O
a O
week B-time
from I-time
now I-time
weather_query

on O
toodyay B-date
what O
is O
the O
weather O
supposed O
to O
be O
weather_query

watt O
is O
the O
weekend B-date
weather O
forecast O
weather_query

wat O
will O
be O
the O
highest B-weather_descriptor
temperature I-weather_descriptor
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
chanson O
are O
of O
snowfall B-weather_descriptor
this B-date
month I-date
weather_query

hoe O
is O
the O
current O
weather O
in O
california B-place_name
weather_query

howl O
is O
the O
current O
weather O
in O
washington B-place_name
dc I-place_name
weather_query

wnt O
is O
status O
of O
current O
weather O
weather_query

wnt O
is O
the O
weather O
report O
weather_query

showy O
weather O
info O
weather_query

chen O
weather O
weather_query

gives O
weather O
stat O
for O
the O
week B-time
weather_query

displace O
weather O
for O
the O
week B-time
weather_query

summarises O
week O
's O
weather O
details O
weather_query

hoe O
cold B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
outside O
today B-date
weather_query

witt O
is O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

howl O
humid B-weather_descriptor
is O
the O
environment O
today B-date
weather_query

wnt O
does O
the O
weather O
look O
like O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

watt O
is O
the O
weather O
supposed O
to O
be O
like O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

wt O
is O
the O
weather O
forecast O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

avert O
me O
when O
the O
outside O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
reaches I-weather_descriptor
sixty I-weather_descriptor
eight I-weather_descriptor
degrees I-weather_descriptor
weather_query

hoe O
is O
the O
weather O
today B-date
weather_query

witt O
is O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
right O
now O
weather_query

hoe O
was O
the O
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

mile B-weather_descriptor
or O
heavy B-weather_descriptor
weather O
weather_query

shows O
me O
the O
highest B-weather_descriptor
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

in O
summer B-weather_descriptor
going O
on O
weather_query

loops B-player_setting
this O
track O
music_settings

shuttle B-player_setting
this O
playlist O
music_settings

enabled O
shuffle B-player_setting
music_settings

salle O
settings O
music_settings

disabling B-player_setting
shuffle B-player_setting
music_settings

repeal B-player_setting
album O
music_settings

pleased O
lower B-player_setting
the O
shuffle B-player_setting
rate O
of O
hips O
don O
't O
lie O
music_settings

pleads O
repeat B-player_setting
that O
music O
again O
of O
akon B-artist_name
music_settings

smet O
the O
volume O
to B-change_amount
low I-change_amount
audio_volume_down

yeh O
're O
too O
loud O
audio_volume_down

quiet O
audio_volume_down

sister O
audio_volume_down

turan O
down O
volume O
audio_volume_down

lowers O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_down

it O
is O
tre O
loud O
decrease O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_down

couldn O
you O
please O
lower O
your O
volume O
audio_volume_down

male O
me O
laugh O
general_joke

tells O
me O
a O
good B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

sent O
a O
giggle O
my O
way O
general_joke

tull O
me O
a O
joke O
general_joke

char O
me O
up O
general_joke

tele O
me O
some O
joke O
general_joke

de O
you O
know O
any O
joke O
general_joke

cand O
you O
tell O
me O
a O
joke O
general_joke

teal O
me O
a O
funny B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

wits O
a O
silly B-joke_type
joke O
you O
know O
general_joke

watts O
a O
good B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

tall O
me O
random B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

is O
don O
't O
like O
it O
music_dislikeness

themes O
down O
music_dislikeness

changing O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_other

chained O
the O
volume O
of O
the O
speakers O
audio_volume_other

male O
me O
a O
coffee O
iot_coffee

is O
need O
a O
coffee O
iot_coffee

is O
fancy O
some O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

yeo O
i O
need O
a O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

starts O
the O
coffee B-device_type
machine I-device_type
iot_coffee

gets O
a O
cup O
of O
coffee O
ready O
now O
iot_coffee

rupp O
coffee B-device_type
maker I-device_type
iot_coffee

mace O
coffee O
iot_coffee

accessed O
coffee B-device_type
maker I-device_type
begin O
process O
iot_coffee

prepares O
coffee O
iot_coffee

pleads O
make O
a O
coffee O
iot_coffee

can O
you O
baring O
me O
a O
nice B-coffee_type
coffee O
iot_coffee

i O
wnt O
to O
drink O
the O
coffee O
that O
you O
made O
iot_coffee

mate O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

mace O
coffee O
at O
eight B-time
am I-time
iot_coffee

br O
coffee O
at O
noon B-timeofday
iot_coffee

is O
'd O
like O
an O
espresso B-coffee_type
iot_coffee

can O
i O
pleads O
have O
a O
cafe O
americano B-coffee_type
iot_coffee

is O
need O
coffee O
iot_coffee

tur O
up O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_up

value O
up O
audio_volume_up

is O
can O
't O
hear O
you O
audio_volume_up

is O
can O
barely O
hear O
you O
audio_volume_up

rave O
volume O
audio_volume_up

cant O
you O
speak O
a O
little O
louder O
audio_volume_up

i O
am O
unaided O
to O
hear O
you O
can O
you O
speak O
little O
loud O
audio_volume_up

plead O
speak O
loud O
audio_volume_up

please O
increasing O
the O
volume O
of O
the O
music O
hips O
don O
't O
lie O
audio_volume_up

idris O
volume O
audio_volume_up

thurn O
up O
sound O
audio_volume_up

value O
louder O
please O
audio_volume_up

untrue O
after O
audio_volume_up

boring O
back O
talking O
after O
audio_volume_up

turan O
on O
the O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

stitch O
on O
the O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turan O
on O
my O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turns O
on O
the O
rice B-device_type
cooker I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_on

enabled O
my O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turns O
on O
the O
smart B-device_type
charger I-device_type
iot_wemo_on

thurn O
the O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
on O
iot_wemo_on

sich O
the O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket O
iot_wemo_on

turk O
off O
the O
rice B-device_type
cooker I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

disciple O
my O
okug B-device_type
iot_wemo_off

thurn O
off O
the O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

powder O
down O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
one I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

plea O
turn O
off O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
of O
my O
phone B-device_type
when O
it O
'll O
be O
charged O
iot_wemo_off

i O
wnt O
you O
to O
turn O
off O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
before O
the O
cellphone B-device_type
is O
charged O
iot_wemo_off

can O
u O
thurn O
off O
wemo B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

thurn O
off O
wemo B-device_type
iot_wemo_off

turk O
off O
smart B-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

weibo B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket I-device_type
off O
iot_wemo_off

keys O
me O
uted O
on O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
prices I-news_topic
qa_stock

plead O
tell O
me O
news O
related O
to O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

watt O
's O
new O
with O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

wat O
are O
some O
utes O
about O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

wheat O
's O
the O
latest O
on O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

i O
wool O
like O
to O
receive O
utes O
about O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
every B-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
qa_stock

wnt O
are O
the O
current O
stock B-news_topic
prices I-news_topic
for O
google B-business_name
qa_stock

set O
nullification O
for O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

turn O
on O
nullification O
for O
all O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

notifying O
me O
of O
the O
latest O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

sed O
me O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
utes O
for O
today B-date
qa_stock

stocky O
market O
qa_stock

stocky O
exchange O
rates O
qa_stock

huw O
much O
rate O
will O
be O
calculated O
qa_stock

tell O
me O
watch O
stocks O
were O
the O
biggest O
gainers O
in O
stock O
market O
nasdaq O
today B-date
qa_stock

tell O
me O
watch O
mutual O
funds O
have O
maximum O
yearly O
returns O
qa_stock

huw O
are O
my O
stocks O
doing O
today B-date
qa_stock

watt O
's O
the O
stock O
price O
of O
<unk> O
qa_stock

witt O
's O
my O
stock O
fluctuations O
qa_stock

hanns O
my O
stock O
increased O
in O
value O
qa_stock

witt O
's O
the O
stock O
price O
of O
<unk> O
qa_stock

watt O
are O
the O
current O
stocks O
for O
yahoo B-business_name
qa_stock

hat O
bing O
's O
stocks O
dropped O
qa_stock

wheat O
is O
the O
current O
share O
value O
for O
msnbc B-business_name
qa_stock

wat O
is O
the O
stock O
price O
for O
lexmark B-business_name
qa_stock

tell O
me O
landmark O
's O
current O
stock O
price O
qa_stock

displace O
stock O
price O
for O
lexmark B-business_name
international O
qa_stock

plays O
my O
favorite O
station O
play_radio

ply O
my O
favorite O
pandora B-app_name
station O
play_radio

ply O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

cand O
you O
turn O
on O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

pay O
bbc B-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

ten O
in O
some O
radio O
play_radio

pleased O
start O
radio O
play_radio

pay O
my O
radio O
station O
play_radio

thurn O
on O
some O
radio O
station O
play_radio

smart O
bbc B-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

pay O
my O
favourite O
radio O
play_radio

tur O
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

pay O
some O
radio O
play_radio

ploy O
music O
radio O
for O
me O
play_radio

ploy O
the O
radio O
play_radio

showcasing O
the O
radio O
play_radio

summon O
play O
the O
radio O
play_radio

ploy O
my O
rock B-music_genre
station O
on O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

omen O
pandora B-app_name
play O
rock B-music_genre
station O
play_radio

omen O
iheartradio B-app_name
rov O
the O
rock B-music_genre
play_radio

plays O
my O
station O
play_radio

ply O
npr O
play_radio

wt O
are O
the O
new O
rock B-music_genre
radio O
stations O
play_radio

selena O
radio O
menu O
play_radio

selected O
station O
you O
want O
play_radio

turan O
on O
eighty O
nine O
<unk> O
play_radio

switched O
to O
one O
thousand O
and O
eleven O
play_radio

turn O
radios O
to O
nine O
hundred O
and O
eighty O
seven O
play_radio

pay O
a O
pop B-radio_name
station I-radio_name
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

i O
neat O
you O
to O
turn O
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

cac O
you O
turn O
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

ply O
me O
a O
radio O
channel O
for O
trance B-radio_name
music I-radio_name
play_radio

pay O
me O
news B-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

tune O
a O
radios O
channel O
for O
good B-radio_name
jokes I-radio_name
play_radio

ply O
me O
the O
top B-radio_name
one I-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

plays O
me O
the O
wvaq B-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

plays O
the O
rock B-radio_name
ninety I-radio_name
two I-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

allies O
please O
play O
pandora B-app_name
radio O
play_radio

turn O
to O
stationed O
one O
thousand O
and O
twenty O
seven O
ally O
play_radio

plea O
turn O
on O
the O
radio O
to O
a O
random B-radio_name
station O
ally O
play_radio

owen O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

ploy O
<unk> O
radio O
play_radio

ploy O
<unk> O
play_radio

go O
to O
channeled O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
play_radio

turns O
on O
the O
radio O
and O
play O
channel O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
play_radio

look O
for O
chappell O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
and O
play O
it O
play_radio

ploy O
npr B-radio_name
play_radio

plays O
spotify B-app_name
play_radio

plays O
soundcloud B-radio_name
play_radio

plays O
the O
urban B-radio_name
radio O
station O
play_radio

ply O
the O
top B-radio_name
forty I-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

can O
you O
plays O
acoustic B-radio_name
music I-radio_name
with O
no O
commercials O
play_radio

ploy O
the O
radio O
station O
play_radio

ploy O
the O
top B-radio_name
forty I-radio_name
station I-radio_name
with I-radio_name
rocket I-radio_name
and I-radio_name
theresa I-radio_name
play_radio

play O
the O
kanda B-radio_name
city I-radio_name
hip I-radio_name
hop I-radio_name
station O
play_radio

tafe O
me O
to O
the O
huffington B-media_type
post I-media_type
website O
social_post

send O
a O
messages O
on O
facebook O
to O
pending O
friend O
requests O
that O
my O
friend O
list O
is O
full O
and O
i O
will O
be O
creating O
a O
new O
profile O
soon O
social_post

send O
a O
fundy O
message O
to O
all O
of O
my O
friends O
social_post

go O
to O
socially B-media_type
media I-media_type
and O
post O
the O
following O
status O
social_post

grt O
status O
changed O
in O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
social_post

get O
the O
stratus O
posted O
for O
the O
following O
social_post

gpo O
to O
online O
site O
social_post

guo O
to O
timeline O
social_post

tile O
something O
and O
post O
social_post

posts O
that O
i O
am O
going O
to O
mcdonalds B-business_name
at O
manhattan B-place_name
social_post

poet O
that O
i O
am O
going O
to O
walmart B-business_name
for O
shopping O
social_post

poet O
that O
i O
am O
going O
to O
woodland B-business_name
shoe I-business_name
store I-business_name
social_post

can O
you O
upland O
my O
latest O
selfie O
in O
my O
social O
media O
social_post

can O
you O
uploaded O
my O
latest O
selfie O
in O
my O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

can O
you O
unload O
my O
latest O
selfie O
in O
my O
facebook B-media_type
account I-media_type
social_post

can O
you O
poet O
my O
business O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

post O
my O
businesses O
on O
all O
my O
social O
media O
sites O
social_post

posts O
my O
business O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

plea O
post O
this O
picture O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

pleads O
ute O
my O
status O
on O
facebook B-media_type
with O
good O
evening O
social_post

poet O
my O
current O
location O
on O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

posts O
this O
message O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

plea O
retweet O
this O
post O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

poet O
this O
picture O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

bertha O
day O
whishes O
social_post

wearing B-event_name
whishes O
social_post

shared O
in O
friends O
post O
social_post

post O
new O
staten O
on O
facebook B-media_type
time O
to O
celebrate O
social_post

posts O
in O
fb O
my O
birthday B-event_name
event O
social_post

post O
in O
teater O
my O
vist O
to O
japan O
social_post

post O
in O
pointless B-media_type
about O
my O
new O
chicken O
recipe O
social_post

poet O
hey O
everyone O
on O
fb O
social_post

tweety O
i O
am O
doing O
well O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

post O
a O
stratus O
happy O
birthday B-event_name
mom B-relation
on O
fb O
social_post

poet O
this O
message O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

sends O
a O
post O
in O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

ure O
facebook B-media_type
to O
post O
social_post

pet O
that O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

tweety B-media_type
something O
for O
me O
social_post

is O
wanna O
share O
that O
social_post

cn O
you O
ute O
my O
facebook B-media_type
profile O
picture O
to O
the O
image O
i O
took O
from O
google O
office O
yesterday B-date
social_post

this O
articled O
is O
super O
cool O
can O
you O
share O
the O
link O
to O
facebook B-media_type
for O
me O
social_post

public O
an O
article O
in O
pinterest B-media_type
social_post

broadcaster O
a O
video O
in O
youtube B-media_type
social_post

announcing O
a O
comment O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

posts O
on O
my O
fb O
account O
that O
i O
got O
engaged O
social_post

my O
tip O
to O
goa O
photopost O
it O
on O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

lessening O
song O
of O
arijit O
singhpost O
it O
on O
my O
fb O
account O
social_post

hello O
wish O
medica B-person
happy O
birthday B-event_name
on O
her O
timeline O
social_post

hi O
suri O
post O
my O
last O
clicked O
photo O
on O
facebook B-media_type
with O
title O
marry O
christmas O
social_post

hello O
ghazal O
post O
my O
current O
status O
on O
twitter B-media_type
mentioning O
a O
great O
trip O
to O
paris B-place_name
with O
friends B-relation
and O
family B-relation
social_post

faced B-media_type
status O
busy O
day O
social_post

face B-media_type
status O
loving O
that O
sunrise O
social_post

faced B-media_type
status O
anyone O
wanna O
go O
to O
the O
movies O
social_post

fina O
me O
a O
nice O
restaurant B-business_type
for O
dinner B-meal_type
recommendation_locations

winch O
is O
the O
nearest O
restaurants B-business_type
available O
recommendation_locations

tells O
me O
some O
best B-place_name
tourist I-place_name
places I-place_name
to O
visit O
in O
america B-place_name
recommendation_locations

wec O
is O
a O
good O
place O
to O
eat O
cheap O
pakistani B-food_type
food I-food_type
recommendation_locations

winch O
is O
the O
best O
place O
to O
visit O
in O
this B-date
month I-date
recommendation_locations

wes O
can O
i O
get O
shawarma B-food_type
in O
this O
area O
recommendation_locations

find O
a O
grosser B-business_type
store I-business_type
in O
town O
that O
carries O
creamed O
pickled O
herring O
recommendation_locations

watt O
is O
the O
best O
italian B-food_type
restaurant B-business_type
around O
here O
recommendation_locations

nhl O
recommendation_locations

lust O
of O
the O
nearby O
restaurant B-business_type
recommendation_locations

wat O
pubs B-business_type
are O
close O
recommendation_locations

tech O
me O
pizza B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
close O
by O
recommendation_locations

wheat O
's O
the O
best O
chicken B-business_type
place I-business_type
near O
me O
recommendation_locations

wars O
the O
closest O
sainsbury O
's O
recommendation_locations

tell O
me O
chimneys B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
in O
the O
area O
recommendation_locations

watt O
pubs B-business_type
are O
close O
to O
me O
recommendation_locations

are O
them O
any O
electronics B-business_type
shops I-business_type
around O
white B-place_name
chapel I-place_name
in O
london B-place_name
recommendation_locations

iv O
there O
any O
grocery B-business_type
nearby O
recommendation_locations

weg O
is O
a O
petrol B-business_type
station I-business_type
in O
five B-place_name
mile I-place_name
radius I-place_name
recommendation_locations

motile B-business_type
shop I-business_type
recommendation_locations

wines B-business_type
shop I-business_type
recommendation_locations

teak O
shop O
recommendation_locations

howl O
much O
recommendation_locations

hoe O
much O
btaxes O
recommendation_locations

wat O
are O
the O
best O
italian B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
in O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
recommendation_locations

can O
you O
suggesting O
me O
a O
healthy B-food_type
foods I-food_type
for O
dinner O
cooking_recipe

yaw O
recipe O
of O
steak B-food_type
was O
superb O
cooking_recipe

ish O
soft B-food_type
cheese I-food_type
better O
than O
hard O
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
shed O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
the O
eggs B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
insurgents O
do O
i O
need O
for O
tomato B-food_type
soup I-food_type
cooking_recipe

howl O
to O
make O
cheescake O
cooking_recipe

tall O
me O
how O
to O
cook B-cooking_type
steak B-food_type
cooking_recipe

watts O
needed O
to O
make O
pizza B-food_type
cooking_recipe

watts O
the O
recipe O
for O
oats B-food_type
cookie I-food_type
cooking_recipe

hrw O
do O
i O
make O
a O
pizza B-food_type
cooking_recipe

watts O
the O
recipe O
for O
pasta O
sause O
cooking_recipe

teal O
me O
how O
to O
make O
garlic B-food_type
bread I-food_type
cooking_recipe

howl O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
rise O
cooking_recipe

hrw O
do O
i O
roll B-cooking_type
sushi B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
shad O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
an O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

tele O
me O
the O
recepie O
of O
cooking_recipe

how O
match O
time O
do O
i O
have O
to O
boil B-cooking_type
an O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

huw O
much O
time O
to O
cook B-cooking_type
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

tech O
me O
how O
to O
cook B-cooking_type
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

hrw O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
a O
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
shook O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
the O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

wheat O
ingredients O
are O
needed O
for O
pudding B-food_type
cooking_recipe

find O
a O
recep O
for O
a O
romantic O
dinner O
for O
two O
cooking_recipe

wt O
can O
i O
cook O
with O
broccoli B-ingredient
and O
chicken B-ingredient
cooking_recipe

how O
many O
millimeter O
is O
two O
table O
spoons O
cooking_recipe

gif O
me O
some O
recipes O
for O
<unk> O
cooking_recipe

huw O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
<unk> O
cooking_recipe

i O
hag O
some O
<unk> O
how O
do O
i O
prepare O
this O
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
shook O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
a O
hamburger B-food_type
on O
each O
side O
cooking_recipe

what O
temperate O
should O
the O
oil B-ingredient
be O
for O
frying B-cooking_type
french B-food_type
fries I-food_type
cooking_recipe

fines O
me O
a O
chocolate B-food_type
cake I-food_type
recipe O
cooking_recipe

hrw O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
butter B-food_type
chicken I-food_type
cooking_recipe

witt O
all O
goes O
into O
a O
red B-food_type
velvet I-food_type
cake I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
ling O
does O
it O
take O
to O
make O
vegetable B-food_type
lasagna I-food_type
cooking_recipe

wnt O
's O
the O
recipe O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

fina O
the O
most O
popular O
recipie O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

wt O
is O
the O
best O
recipe O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

wnt O
is O
the O
recipe O
for O
cooking_recipe

watt O
should O
the O
oven O
temperature O
be O
cooking_recipe

hrw O
long O
do O
you O
cook O
it O
cooking_recipe

gst O
me O
a O
recipe O
cooking_recipe

plead O
send O
a O
reminder O
email O
to O
peter O
and O
ask O
him O
how O
long O
he O
will O
be O
taking O
to O
prepare O
the O
presentation O
ppt O
email_sendemail

i O
dil O
not O
want O
you O
to O
send O
that O
text O
yet O
wait O
until O
i O
say O
send O
email_sendemail

white O
sms O
to O
our O
friends B-relation
email_sendemail

sends O
a O
mail O
to O
whom O
to O
talk O
email_sendemail

sind O
a O
group O
mail O
to O
lookafter O
email_sendemail

plead O
send O
a O
mail O
to O
mr B-person
richard I-person
stating O
that O
i O
going O
to O
met B-event_name
him I-event_name
on O
one O
divided O
by O
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
at O
this O
office B-place_name
email_sendemail

plea O
send O
a O
voice O
mail O
to O
mr B-person
richard I-person
office O
about O
meting B-event_name
him O
on O
one O
divided O
by O
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
email_sendemail

send O
an O
emu O
to O
sarah B-person
about O
brunch B-event_name
today B-date
email_sendemail

text O
serre B-person
if O
she O
is O
free O
for O
brunch B-event_name
today B-date
email_sendemail

emails O
my O
appointments B-event_name
to O
reschedule O
email_sendemail

send O
an O
emails O
to O
peter O
asking O
him O
which O
one O
dress O
should O
i O
bring O
and O
attach O
the O
photos O
of O
dresses O
taken O
recently O
email_sendemail

emails O
friend O
email_sendemail

schedules O
text O
messages O
for O
later O
email_sendemail

send O
emails O
to O
martha B-person
saying O
last O
evening O
was O
wild O
email_sendemail

reply O
to O
parish B-person
that O
i O
am O
on O
my O
way O
email_sendemail

drop O
a O
messages O
to O
jan B-person
write O
i O
will O
be O
late O
email_sendemail

sent O
email O
to O
my O
brother B-relation
email_sendemail

plead O
email O
my O
team B-relation
email_sendemail

emu O
my O
favourite O
contacts O
email_sendemail

hoy O
email O
jan B-person
about O
our O
meeting B-event_name
email_sendemail

pleased O
send O
email O
to O
pawel B-person
with O
reminder O
email_sendemail

emails O
to O
pawel B-person
regarding O
latest O
news O
email_sendemail

hey O
pleads O
reply O
to O
last O
pawel O
's O
email O
email_sendemail

answered O
to O
pawel O
's O
email O
email_sendemail

could O
you O
plea O
send O
back O
to O
pawel B-person
this O
answer O
email_sendemail

spend O
an O
email O
to O
c@emoteckco O
email_sendemail

crate O
an O
email O
to O
toby B-person
at O
tobytoday B-email_address
dot I-email_address
com I-email_address
email_sendemail

send O
an O
emu O
to O
jeff B-email_address
at I-email_address
gmail I-email_address
dot I-email_address
com I-email_address
email_sendemail

send O
emails O
to O
emilia B-person
saying O
i O
will O
be O
late O
please O
don O
't O
wait O
with O
dinner B-meal_type
email_sendemail

email O
to O
madhya B-person
with O
content O
project O
finished O
send O
me O
invoice O
please O
email_sendemail

email O
to O
carillon B-person
how O
are O
you O
can O
you O
send O
me O
utes O
on O
last O
project O
cheers O
tomasz O
email_sendemail

email O
to O
carolyn B-person
how O
are O
you O
can O
you O
send O
me O
utes O
on O
last O
project O
cheers O
tomasz O
email_sendemail

can O
you O
sen O
an O
email O
to O
chelsea B-person
please O
email_sendemail

emails O
chelsea B-person
email_sendemail

send O
an O
emu O
to O
my O
mum B-relation
that O
i O
will O
visit O
her O
next O
weekend O
email_sendemail

replies O
an O
email O
to O
jason B-person
that O
i O
will O
not O
come O
tonight B-timeofday
email_sendemail

email O
my O
sitar B-relation
about O
mom O
's O
birthday B-event_name
jane B-person
we O
should O
think O
about O
arranging O
the O
party O
at O
the O
park O
email_sendemail

emu O
james B-person
about O
the O
softball O
game O
james B-person
we O
need O
to O
get O
some O
refreshments O
before O
heading O
over O
email_sendemail

emails O
david B-person
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
david B-person
can O
we O
have O
the O
meeting B-event_name
in O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
email_sendemail

replies O
to O
last O
email O
say O
sorry O
cannot O
make O
it O
email_sendemail

rely O
to O
dad B-relation
write O
 O
'i O
will O
be O
late O
email_sendemail

responds O
to O
all B-person
that O
i O
am O
on O
my O
way O
email_sendemail

go O
to O
contact O
and O
add O
a O
new O
email O
to O
the O
list O
email_sendemail

hera O
is O
a O
new O
email O
address O
to O
be O
added O
to O
the O
contacts O
email_sendemail

go O
to O
contracts O
and O
enter O
a O
new O
email O
address O
email_sendemail

gpo O
to O
ne O
mail O
compile O
email_sendemail

and O
mail O
id O
subject O
content O
email_sendemail

sent O
that O
email_sendemail

stars O
a O
new O
email O
to O
email_sendemail

sen O
to O
the O
contact O
an O
email O
as O
follows O
email_sendemail

go O
to O
emu O
and O
send O
message O
to O
email_sendemail

plea O
reply O
to O
my O
most O
recent O
email O
email_sendemail

omen O
my O
most O
recent O
email O
and O
reply O
email_sendemail

replies O
to O
most O
recent O
email O
email_sendemail

spend O
an O
email O
to O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

combos O
a O
new O
email O
to O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

white O
an O
email O
recipient O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

hrw O
we O
calcultate O
email_sendemail

howl O
its O
come O
to O
us O
email_sendemail

hrw O
we O
can O
get O
credit O
email_sendemail

emails O
my O
mother B-relation
email_sendemail

sand O
an O
email O
to O
my O
boss B-relation
email_sendemail

sand O
an O
email O
to O
sjobs@applecom O
email_sendemail

forwarded O
email O
address O
to O
my O
new O
email O
email_sendemail

sens O
email O
to O
current O
email O
address O
email_sendemail

pleads O
send O
to O
new O
email O
address O
listed O
email_sendemail

sind O
this O
content O
via O
email O
email_sendemail

forwarded O
shown O
content O
to O
<unk> O
with O
email O
email_sendemail

pap O
the O
following O
using O
email O
to O
email_sendemail

wheat O
is O
the O
gross O
domestic O
product O
of O
us B-place_name
qa_factoid

tells O
me O
comics O
of O
charlie B-person
chaplin I-person
qa_factoid

wren O
is O
sunset O
qa_factoid

watt O
about O
tona B-place_name
qa_factoid

welle O
is O
tona B-place_name
qa_factoid

whose O
won O
the B-news_topic
presidential I-news_topic
election I-news_topic
this B-date
year I-date
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
abort O
martin B-person
luther I-person
king I-person
jr I-person
qa_factoid

who O
was O
appoint O
as O
deputy O
cm O
of O
uttar O
pradesh O
qa_factoid

wien O
is O
christmas B-event_name
qa_factoid

weir O
is O
the O
convention B-place_name
center I-place_name
located O
qa_factoid

wren O
does O
the O
super B-event_name
bowl I-event_name
officially O
start O
qa_factoid

witt O
creates O
buttermilk B-food_type
qa_factoid

may O
i O
hath O
a O
list O
of O
five B-list_name
star I-list_name
hotels I-list_name
in O
paris B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
many O
stara O
has O
swat B-movie_name
received O
on O
imdb O
qa_factoid

war O
is O
place O
qa_factoid

wed O
is O
mcmennamin O
's O
qa_factoid

tells O
me O
something O
about O
qa_factoid

div O
you O
hear O
about O
qa_factoid

ys O
shoud O
know O
about O
qa_factoid

wu O
is O
barack B-person
obama I-person
qa_factoid

hrw O
tall O
is O
micheal B-person
jackson I-person
qa_factoid

wu O
is O
president O
of O
poland B-place_name
qa_factoid

wt O
is O
the O
capital O
of O
china B-place_name
qa_factoid

wec O
is O
botzwana O
qa_factoid

wt O
is O
the O
highest O
building O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

hoe O
tall O
is O
a O
giraffe O
qa_factoid

hrw O
hot O
are O
summers O
in O
gibraltar B-place_name
qa_factoid

gl O
qa_factoid

tells O
me O
if O
<unk> O
qa_factoid

watch O
is O
the O
highest O
peak O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

witt O
is O
the O
gdp O
of O
usa B-place_name
qa_factoid

watt O
is O
the O
financial O
capital O
of O
canada B-place_name
qa_factoid

calculator O
the O
resistance O
of O
this O
resistor O
qa_factoid

calculus O
ohm O
's O
law O
based O
on O
these O
values O
qa_factoid

search O
google O
shocking O
for O
the O
best O
price O
on O
a O
monoprice O
mxblue O
mechanical O
keyboard O
qa_factoid

witt O
are O
the O
oil O
prices O
like O
today B-date
for O
a O
barrel O
of O
crude O
oil O
qa_factoid

wheat O
is O
the O
plot O
of O
the O
most O
recent O
will B-person
smith I-person
movie O
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
winch O
politician O
is O
being O
investigated O
qa_factoid

wheat O
is O
the O
lowest O
population O
per O
square O
mile O
in O
africa B-place_name
qa_factoid

i O
needy O
to O
know O
why O
girls O
are O
so O
different O
to O
man O
explained O
as O
science O
man O
qa_factoid

hrw O
old O
is O
mariah B-person
carey I-person
qa_factoid

wheat O
city O
does O
anthony B-person
keidis I-person
live O
in O
qa_factoid

wien O
was O
frank B-person
sinatra I-person
born O
qa_factoid

can O
you O
gig O
me O
the O
details O
of O
indian B-place_name
embassy O
qa_factoid

tall O
me O
what O
movie O
was O
the O
winner O
of O
last O
year O
's O
academy O
award O
for O
best O
picture O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
tiles O
could O
the O
size O
of O
texas B-place_name
fit O
into O
the O
size O
of O
alaska B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
many O
canaries O
are O
in O
the O
european O
union O
qa_factoid

brittle B-person
spears I-person
qa_factoid

witt O
age O
is O
britney B-person
spears I-person
qa_factoid

hrw O
old O
is O
cher B-person
qa_factoid

what O
is O
clipped B-person
eastwood I-person
doing O
these O
days O
qa_factoid

fina O
out O
for O
me O
what O
the O
topic O
is O
of O
each O
oswald O
chambers O
book O
qa_factoid

explained O
the O
book O
of O
daniel B-person
to O
me O
qa_factoid

wt O
is O
the O
sixteenth O
president O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
outset O
is O
in O
a O
quart O
qa_factoid

a O
qa_factoid

wien O
did O
the O
ussr B-place_name
dissolve O
and O
the O
soviet O
union O
rise O
to O
power O
qa_factoid

watt O
is O
the O
worlds O
record O
for O
the O
longest O
head O
of O
hair O
qa_factoid

wien O
was O
bryan B-person
adams I-person
born O
qa_factoid

watt O
state O
is O
david B-person
lynch I-person
from O
qa_factoid

howl O
tall O
is O
trevor B-person
noah I-person
qa_factoid

wren O
is O
st O
patrick O
's O
day O
qa_factoid

wei O
isnt O
adam B-person
sandler I-person
funny O
qa_factoid

teal O
me O
why O
bill B-person
bur I-person
is O
a O
better O
comedia O
than O
iliza B-person
schleshinger I-person
qa_factoid

teal O
me O
tom B-person
hanks I-person
middle O
name O
qa_factoid

wnt O
is O
robin B-person
williams I-person
birthday O
qa_factoid

tells O
me O
billy B-person
crytals I-person
address O
qa_factoid

books O
me O
a O
flight O
to O
mars O
next B-date
year I-date
qa_factoid

i O
wig O
be O
at O
pizza O
hut O
in O
ten O
minutes O
and O
will O
stay O
there O
for O
next O
forty O
minutes O
arrange O
an O
uber O
for O
me O
that O
can O
drop O
me O
home O
qa_factoid

is O
meryl B-person
streak I-person
an O
actress O
or O
singer O
qa_factoid

it O
beyonce B-person
married O
or O
divorced O
qa_factoid

hrw O
old O
is O
tony B-person
bennett I-person
qa_factoid

how O
many O
omens O
are O
there O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

wheat O
is O
the O
total O
number O
of O
oceans O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

can O
you O
tall O
me O
the O
total O
number O
of O
oceans O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

whom O
was O
the O
current O
prime O
minister O
of O
britain B-place_name
qa_factoid

which O
was O
longo O
buildings O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

which O
was O
longman O
river O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

de O
you O
know O
actor O
surya B-person
qa_factoid

wheat O
is O
the O
residing O
place O
of O
cricketer O
dhoni B-person
qa_factoid

pleased O
give O
height O
of O
lindsey B-person
lohan I-person
qa_factoid

plead O
give O
me O
information O
next O
movie O
of O
aamir B-person
khan I-person
qa_factoid

pleads O
give O
me O
address O
of O
salman B-person
khan I-person
apartment O
qa_factoid

wt O
is O
the O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
qa_factoid

to O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
is O
what O
qa_factoid

named O
the O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
qa_factoid

non O
qa_factoid

hoe O
big O
is O
the O
cosmos O
qa_factoid

whom O
is O
taylor B-person
swift I-person
qa_factoid

whom O
is O
the O
person O
behind O
the O
song O
of O
taylor O
swift O
back O
to O
december B-date
qa_factoid

wren O
is O
the O
birthdate O
of O
taylor B-person
lautner I-person
qa_factoid

hrw O
many O
countries O
qa_factoid

howl O
many O
oceans O
are O
there O
qa_factoid

watt O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
tallest O
man O
qa_factoid

wu O
is O
napoleon B-person
hill I-person
qa_factoid

witt O
's O
bob O
scrote O
's O
net O
worth O
qa_factoid

what O
affords O
did O
erica B-person
grebe I-person
win O
last B-date
night I-date
qa_factoid

do O
you O
knows O
jessica O
snout O
's O
phone O
number O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
populated O
per O
mile O
in O
asia O
qa_factoid

provide O
valid O
referenced O
with O
information O
to O
help O
people O
understand O
critical O
thinking O
and O
giving O
credit O
where O
credit O
is O
due O
rather O
than O
perpetuate O
fake O
news O
and O
alternative O
facts O
qa_factoid

calculating O
distance O
from O
boston B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
qa_factoid

wnt O
is O
channing O
tatum O
's O
birthday O
qa_factoid

huw O
tall O
is O
channin B-person
tatum I-person
qa_factoid

weir O
is O
channing B-person
tatum I-person
from O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
pipa O
live O
in O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
qa_factoid

tele O
me O
all O
the O
current O
events O
in O
my O
hometown B-place_name
recommendation_events

wnt O
is O
happening O
recommendation_events

curran O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

curran O
events O
recommendation_events

watts O
happening O
in O
ny B-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
is O
preying O
at O
the O
local B-place_name
theater I-place_name
right O
now O
recommendation_events

what O
elects O
are O
going O
in O
my O
town B-place_name
this B-date
week I-date
recommendation_events

show O
me O
uplink O
events O
in O
this O
area O
recommendation_events

shone O
me O
upcoming O
events O
in O
chicago B-place_name
recommendation_events

show O
me O
uncut O
events O
in O
the O
quad B-place_name
cities I-place_name
recommendation_events

i O
rilke O
want O
to O
go O
to O
keiv B-place_name
is O
there O
any O
good O
events O
there O
in O
april B-date
recommendation_events

whose O
and O
why O
is O
on O
at O
the O
theater B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
recommendation_events

wnt O
is O
that O
event O
recommendation_events

witt O
is O
happening O
at O
that O
event O
recommendation_events

showy O
me O
more O
information O
about O
this O
event O
recommendation_events

wheat O
events O
are O
coming O
up O
recommendation_events

arm O
there O
any O
events O
coming O
up O
recommendation_events

fines O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

gut O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

what O
effects O
are O
happening O
in O
seattle B-place_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
recommendation_events

are O
then O
any O
fun O
things O
to O
do O
in O
seattle B-place_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
recommendation_events

this B-date
weakened I-date
what O
events O
are O
going O
on O
in O
seattle B-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
is O
happens O
[date O
 O
: O
tomorrow] O
recommendation_events

what O
happened O
on O
the O
fourth B-date
of I-date
july I-date
recommendation_events

scratching O
on O
holidays B-event_name
in O
my O
location O
recommendation_events

stitching O
for O
any O
special B-event_name
holidays I-event_name
for O
us B-place_name
country I-place_name
recommendation_events

search O
for O
recent O
happenings O
on O
the O
particular O
dates O
recommendation_events

indo O
of O
the O
upcoming O
events O
recommendation_events

speech O
for O
events O
in O
the O
chicago B-place_name
area I-place_name
recommendation_events

wt O
can O
i O
do O
in O
berlin B-place_name
recommendation_events

tell O
me O
aloud O
things O
to O
do O
in O
london B-place_name
recommendation_events

could O
you O
suggesting O
some O
fun O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
recommendation_events

reminder O
me O
if O
anything O
else O
happens O
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
to O
do O
something O
then O
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
after O
calendar_set

rind O
me O
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

sec O
a O
notification O
for O
sports B-event_name
game I-event_name
calendar_set

set O
nullification O
on O
the O
current O
weather B-event_name
disasters I-event_name
in O
america B-place_name
calendar_set

reminder O
my O
friend O
to O
get O
the O
assignment O
tomorow O
calendar_set

rind O
me O
of O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

owen O
memo O
add O
note O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

reminds O
calendar_set

mark O
toodyay B-date
as O
the B-event_name
start I-event_name
of I-event_name
my I-event_name
diet I-event_name
calendar_set

takes O
note O
of O
today B-date
as O
my B-date
first I-date
date I-date
with I-date
bob I-date
calendar_set

toodyay B-date
needs O
to O
be O
marked O
as O
my B-event_name
cheat I-event_name
day I-event_name
calendar_set

adding O
meeting B-event_name
on O
particaur O
dates O
of O
calender O
calendar_set

refined O
me O
about O
my O
schedule O
for O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_set

scheduled O
a O
chat B-event_name
with O
adam B-person
on O
thursday B-date
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_set

i O
am O
aloud O
to O
meet O
tom B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
seven B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
meeting B-event_name
reminds O
for O
sunday B-date
with O
my O
parents B-relation
in I-relation
law I-relation
calendar_set

nhl O
calendar_set

plead O
put O
to O
my O
calendar O
daily B-general_frequency
standup B-event_name
to O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
regularly O
bi O
weekly O
meeting B-event_name
on O
fridays B-date
three B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
wheatley B-general_frequency
one B-time
pm I-time
call B-event_name
to O
calendar O
calendar_set

put O
meetings B-event_name
with O
pawel B-person
for O
tomorrow B-date
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

av O
to O
my O
calendar O
daily B-general_frequency
call B-event_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

set O
firsts B-time
week I-time
of I-time
june I-time
as O
holiday B-event_name
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

rind O
me O
to O
read O
book B-media_type
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_set

pct O
reminder O
to O
call B-event_name
pawel B-person
tomorrow B-date
calendar_set

av O
to O
my O
reminders O
to O
watch B-event_name
new I-event_name
movie I-event_name
today B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
to O
send O
that O
email B-event_name
later O
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
to O
wash B-event_name
the I-event_name
windows I-event_name
calendar_set

tell O
me O
layer O
to O
file O
the O
invoice B-event_name
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
to O
go O
to O
the O
gym B-event_name
every B-general_frequency
monday I-general_frequency
and O
tuesday B-date
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
to O
go O
shopping B-event_name
every B-general_frequency
week I-general_frequency
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
to O
pay O
rent B-event_name
every B-general_frequency
month I-general_frequency
calendar_set

seb O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
hongbin B-person
calendar_set

books O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
chelsea B-person
calendar_set

crate O
an O
event O
with O
zaf B-person
calendar_set

adf O
an O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

asd O
a O
new O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

sel O
an O
event O
for O
friday B-date
calendar_set

create O
meaning B-event_name
with O
paul B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
elect O
for O
this B-timeofday
evening I-timeofday
meeting B-event_name
with O
jake B-person
calendar_set

set O
meaning O
with O
joanna B-person
on O
saturday B-date
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
to O
call B-event_name
my I-event_name
grandma I-event_name
this O
sunday B-date
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
to O
go B-event_name
to I-event_name
bed I-event_name
before B-time
one I-time
am I-time
everyday B-general_frequency
calendar_set

i O
will O
attends O
lily O
's O
wedding O
next B-date
week I-date
with O
my O
boyfriend B-relation
please O
add O
it O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

can O
you O
reminder O
me O
about O
the O
gym B-event_name
class I-event_name
in B-time
two I-time
hours I-time
calendar_set

refined O
me O
to O
look O
at O
the O
pasta O
in O
thirty O
mins O
calendar_set

could O
you O
reminder O
me O
to O
take O
the O
bins B-event_name
out O
on O
thursday B-date
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
my O
mom O
's O
birthday B-event_name
a B-time
week I-time
before I-time
calendar_set

help O
me O
remembered O
to O
call B-event_name
janice B-person
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

i O
nude O
to O
remember O
to O
get O
to O
the O
shops B-event_name
before B-time
they I-time
close I-time
calendar_set

then O
's O
a O
good O
band B-event_name
playing I-event_name
tonight B-timeofday
at B-time
nine I-time
at O
jazzbar O
i O
want O
to O
go O
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
about O
the O
picnic B-event_name
at O
regent B-place_name
park I-place_name
calendar_set

i O
wants O
to O
go O
to O
the O
outdoor B-event_name
movie I-event_name
screening O
this O
weekend B-time
remind O
me O
calendar_set

create O
a O
repairing B-general_frequency
event O
on O
mondays B-date
at O
seven B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
a O
reminded O
on O
thursdays B-date
at O
one O
thousand O
one O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
am O
and O
name O
it O
dance B-event_name
classes I-event_name
calendar_set

add O
rifting B-general_frequency
event O
on O
saturday B-date
on O
seven B-time
am I-time
named O
cinema B-event_name
time I-event_name
calendar_set

rind O
me O
on O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
meeting B-event_name
at O
two B-time
calendar_set

refined O
me O
at O
six B-time
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
at O
seven B-time
calendar_set

add O
an O
avert O
tomorrow B-date
at O
seven B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

crate O
an O
event O
for O
me O
at O
three O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
tamayo B-date
at O
four B-time
about O
an O
event O
calendar_set

refined O
me O
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
about O
mike O
's O
birtdays O
calendar_set

add O
a O
meaning B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
with O
a O
pamela B-person
at O
six B-time
calendar_set

set O
reminded O
for O
tennis B-event_name
game I-event_name
with O
peter B-person
on O
sunday B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

creates O
an O
event O
for O
a O
john O
's O
birthday B-event_name
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
an O
email O
to O
my O
sister B-relation
calendar_set

prop O
me O
about O
tv O
programm O
at O
sixteen B-time
fifteen I-time
on O
thursday B-date
at O
bbc B-media_type
four I-media_type
calendar_set

remained O
me O
of O
my O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

gig O
me O
a O
reminder O
notification O
on O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

gpo O
to O
calendar O
and O
schedule O
event O
calendar_set

smet O
up O
the O
following O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
with O
the O
following O
people O
calendar_set

in O
caliber O
add O
this O
event O
with O
these O
people O
calendar_set

refined O
me O
off O
about O
my O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
sharply O
at O
ten B-time
calendar_set

sect O
up O
a O
notification O
about O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
calendar_set

can O
you O
sank O
my O
calendar O
with O
mark B-person
calendar_set

cab O
you O
add O
this O
event O
with O
karl B-person
calendar_set

cbn O
you O
add O
this O
event O
with O
joey B-person
calendar_set

please O
scheduled O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
brian B-person
billings I-person
in O
accounting B-personal_info
calendar_set

schedules O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
brian B-person
billings I-person
for O
two O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
on O
friday B-date
calendar_set

schedules O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
the O
accounting B-business_name
department I-business_name
on O
two O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
on O
friday B-date
calendar_set

nine O
calendar_set

his O
to O
all O
calendar_set

yeh O
its O
must O
calendar_set

open O
google O
cylinder O
in O
the O
my O
calendars O
section O
click O
the O
down O
arrow O
that O
appears O
when O
you O
hover O
over O
your O
calendar O
and O
select O
reminders O
and O
notifications O
from O
the O
drop O
down O
calendar_set

in O
the O
cheese O
how O
you O
would O
like O
to O
be O
notified O
section O
check O
the O
email O
bo O
<unk> O
for O
each O
type O
of O
notification O
you├ö├ç├ûd O
like O
to O
receive O
calendar_set

crick O
save O
calendar_set

huw O
we O
will O
get O
digital O
document O
calendar_set

howl O
long O
its O
take O
calendar_set

hrw O
far O
we O
send O
money O
for O
digital O
calendar_set

add O
an O
appointed B-event_name
with O
my O
dentist B-relation
for O
ten B-time
am I-time
next O
monday B-date
calendar_set

rind O
me O
to O
pick B-event_name
up I-event_name
linda B-person
at O
five B-time
in O
the O
evening B-timeofday
on O
seventh B-date
calendar_set

schedules O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
john B-person
connor I-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
eight B-time
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

gill O
me O
a O
reminder O
at O
eight B-time
pm I-time
for O
the O
game B-event_name
calendar_set

remind O
me O
tommaso B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

set O
a O
reminded O
up O
next B-date
month I-date
to O
get O
my O
oil B-event_name
changed I-event_name
calendar_set

make O
a O
remainder O
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
every B-general_frequency
monday I-general_frequency
until O
i O
i O
remove O
it O
calendar_set

remained O
me O
every B-general_frequency
first I-general_frequency
of I-general_frequency
the I-general_frequency
month I-general_frequency
calendar_set

i O
nude O
a O
reminder O
every B-general_frequency
single I-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
erect O
in O
calandar O
repeat O
event O
every B-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
calendar_set

put O
monday B-event_name
meetings I-event_name
on O
calandar O
ever O
monday O
calendar_set

riveting O
event O
meeting B-event_name
on O
mondays B-general_frequency
calendar_set

set O
a O
nullification O
for O
fifth B-date
march I-date
that O
i O
have O
a O
doctor O
's O
appointment O
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
a O
nullification O
for O
sixth B-date
march I-date
that O
there O
is O
a O
society B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
at O
eleven B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
a O
nullification O
for O
eleven B-date
march I-date
that O
an O
interview B-event_name
is O
scheduled O
with O
mr B-person
rodriguez I-person
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
with O
joe B-person
at O
ten B-time
on O
monday B-date
calendar_set

set O
reminds O
to O
print B-event_name
the I-event_name
documents I-event_name
on O
tuesday B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

rind O
me O
to O
have O
the O
presentation B-event_name
ready O
by O
ten B-time
on O
wednesday B-date
calendar_set

i O
watt O
to O
add O
an O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

adv O
event O
to O
calendar O
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
to O
take O
my O
medicine B-event_name
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
reminding O
for O
noon B-timeofday
to O
get O
lunch B-event_name
with I-event_name
boss I-event_name
calendar_set

set O
remainder O
to O
pick B-event_name
up I-event_name
kids I-event_name
on O
weekdays B-date
at O
three B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

reminder O
me O
about O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

refined O
me O
to O
have O
launch B-event_name
with I-event_name
boss I-event_name
today B-date
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

remembers O
to O
remind O
me O
about O
client B-event_name
meet I-event_name
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

sec O
an O
event O
calendar_set

sat O
a O
calendar O
event O
calendar_set

opens O
calendar O
set O
event O
calendar_set

hi O
plea O
remind O
the O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
boss B-relation
it O
will O
be O
at O
eleven B-time
am I-time
next O
monday B-date
calendar_set

i O
wants O
you O
to O
remind O
me O
the O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
girlfriend B-relation
it O
will O
be O
at O
eight B-time
pm I-time
next B-date
sunday I-date
calendar_set

set O
a O
nullification O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
next O
tuesday B-date
calendar_set

sent O
notification O
for O
meeting B-event_name
with O
boss B-relation
calendar_set

notifying O
me O
one B-time
hour I-time
before O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

rind O
me O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
an B-time
hour I-time
before O
it O
begins O
calendar_set

rind O
me O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

set O
reminds O
for O
two B-time
pm I-time
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

can O
i O
ko O
what O
i O
have O
to O
do O
the O
next O
saturday B-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

plead O
remind O
me O
one B-time
hour I-time
before O
the O
meeting B-event_name
i O
hace O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

can O
you O
rind O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
boss B-relation
one B-time
hour I-time
before O
it O
will O
happen O
calendar_set

add O
a O
remind O
of O
a O
conference B-event_name
for O
tomorrow B-date
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
calendar_set

i O
halved O
a O
function B-event_name
at O
washington B-place_name
tomorrow B-date
remind O
it O
calendar_set

plea O
remind O
me O
for O
the O
function B-event_name
at O
miami B-place_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_set

plea O
remind O
me O
the O
birthday B-event_name
of O
my O
uncle B-relation
joe B-person
every B-general_frequency
may I-general_frequency
fourth I-general_frequency
calendar_set

pleads O
set O
a O
reminder O
for O
the O
office B-event_name
party I-event_name
next O
saturday B-date
calendar_set

pleased O
remind O
me O
my O
doctor B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
on O
thirteenth B-date
july I-date
calendar_set

seb O
reminder O
at O
calendar_set

refined O
me O
at O
calendar_set

assert O
me O
at O
calendar_set

av O
event O
calendar_set

nf O
event O
calendar_set

creates O
event O
calendar_set

set O
a O
cylinder O
event O
to O
repeat O
yearly B-general_frequency
weekly O
monthly O
on O
this O
date O
calendar_set

pleads O
repeat O
the O
last O
sentence O
from O
that O
book O
play_audiobook

rod O
that O
back O
play_audiobook

rebuild B-player_setting
audiobook O
by O
thirty B-time
seconds I-time
play_audiobook

pay O
audiobook O
play_audiobook

please O
continues B-player_setting
playing I-player_setting
odd B-audiobook_name
thomas I-audiobook_name
by O
dean B-audiobook_author
koontz I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

i O
wand O
to O
finish O
listening O
to O
the O
book O
one B-time
thousand I-time
nine I-time
hundred I-time
and I-time
eighty I-time
four I-time
from O
where O
i O
left O
off O
play_audiobook

i O
wand O
to O
listen O
to O
be B-audiobook_name
more I-audiobook_name
chill I-audiobook_name
by O
ned B-audiobook_author
vizzini I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

restarted B-player_setting
american B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

start B-player_setting
playing I-player_setting
americas B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
where O
i O
last O
stopped O
play_audiobook

resumed B-player_setting
play O
of O
american B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

can O
you O
ploy O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
of O
harry B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

can O
you O
ploy O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
of O
tarzan B-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

can O
you O
ploy O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
of O
king B-audiobook_name
kong I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

resumed B-player_setting
my O
audio O
book O
from O
karl B-audiobook_author
pilkington I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

caa O
you O
put B-player_setting
on I-player_setting
the O
chuck B-audiobook_name
palhunik I-audiobook_name
audio O
book O
play_audiobook

cam O
you O
put B-player_setting
on I-player_setting
the B-audiobook_name
giver I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
the O
autobahn O
i O
listened O
to O
last O
play_audiobook

resumes B-player_setting
harry B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
from O
the O
place O
i O
have O
stopped O
listening O
to O
last O
time O
play_audiobook

play O
me O
herr B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
from O
the O
place O
i O
last O
stopped O
listening O
on O
play_audiobook

pay O
book O
play_audiobook

resumed B-player_setting
audiobook O
play_audiobook

keeps B-player_setting
reading I-player_setting
play_audiobook

resumed B-player_setting
the B-audiobook_name
art I-audiobook_name
of I-audiobook_name
war I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

ply O
seven B-audiobook_name
habits I-audiobook_name
of I-audiobook_name
effective I-audiobook_name
people I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

gow O
back O
play_podcasts

ploy O
me O
the O
latest O
podcast O
about O
online O
surveys O
play_podcasts

pay O
me O
some O
podcasts O
about O
getting O
rich O
quick O
play_podcasts

pay O
my O
newest O
podcasts O
from O
radiolab B-podcast_name
play_podcasts

plays O
my O
favorite O
podcast O
play_podcasts

search O
for O
podlaskie B-media_type
that O
cover O
men O
's O
issues O
play_podcasts

ply O
next O
recording O
play_podcasts

jumps B-player_setting
to O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

sip B-player_setting
to O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

necks O
play_podcasts

necks O
one O
play_podcasts

nest O
one O
please O
play_podcasts

skit O
play_podcasts

ploy O
the O
next O
one O
play_podcasts

ply O
a O
podcast O
from O
my O
library B-podcast_name
play_podcasts

find O
an O
interests O
podcast O
about O
last O
pritzker B-podcast_descriptor
price I-podcast_descriptor
winners I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

find O
a O
date O
about O
schools B-podcast_descriptor
in O
uk B-place_name
play_podcasts

skill B-player_setting
to O
next O
play_podcasts

ply O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

pay O
next O
doctor B-podcast_name
who I-podcast_name
episode O
play_podcasts

plays O
next O
play_podcasts

stars B-player_setting
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

clan O
you O
play O
the O
last O
podcast O
play_podcasts

cand O
you O
play O
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

plays O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

smart O
playing O
the O
following O
podcast O
play_podcasts

gets O
me O
the O
latest O
episode O
of O
the O
<unk> O
podcast O
play_podcasts

go O
to O
to O
podcast O
and O
play O
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
in O
<unk> O
play_podcasts

stara O
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
of O
the O
<unk> O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
forwarding B-player_setting
an O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
broward B-player_setting
an O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
flowered B-player_setting
an O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
by O
a O
minute B-time
play_podcasts

ploy O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

necks B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

pay O
podcast O
one O
play_podcasts

ploy O
the O
young B-podcast_name
turks I-podcast_name
podcast O
play_podcasts

owen O
podcast O
by O
the O
young B-podcast_name
turks I-podcast_name
play_podcasts

what O
is O
growing O
on O
right O
now O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

iv O
there O
anything O
new O
on O
reddit B-media_type
social_query

wnt O
does O
my O
facebook B-media_type
feed O
look O
like O
social_query

socially O
media O
social_query

wnt O
is O
currently O
trending O
on O
twitter O
social_query

checks O
my O
social B-media_type
networks I-media_type
social_query

ds O
i O
have O
new O
likes O
social_query

id O
anyone O
likes O
my O
latest O
photo O
social_query

are O
theirs O
any O
interesting O
stuff O
happened O
today B-date
in O
my O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

wat O
trending O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

wt O
the O
highest O
likes O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_query

wu O
recently O
posted O
on O
social O
media O
social_query

tele O
me O
my O
friends B-relation
most O
recent O
ute O
social_query

wheat O
was O
the O
last O
thing O
my O
mom B-relation
said O
social_query

may O
i O
known O
what O
is O
trending O
in O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
social_query

may O
i O
knows O
what O
is O
trending O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_query

may O
i O
knows O
what O
is O
trending O
in O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

who O
has O
responsive O
to O
my O
business O
within O
the O
last O
twenty B-time
four I-time
hours I-time
social_query

you O
needy O
to O
give O
me O
different O
directions O
transport_query

you O
nude O
to O
find O
an O
alternate O
route O
to O
my O
destination O
transport_query

hoe O
to O
get O
somewhere O
transport_query

how O
longs O
will O
it O
take O
me O
to O
drive O
to O
the O
panic B-event_name
concert I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
transport_query

howl O
far O
is O
walmart B-business_name
from O
here O
transport_query

huw O
to O
get O
to O
cracow B-place_name
before B-time
noon I-time
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_query

wits O
the O
next O
train B-transport_type
at O
westcombe B-place_name
park I-place_name
transport_query

wnt O
are O
the O
train B-transport_type
times O
to O
london B-place_name
bridge I-place_name
transport_query

webs O
the O
next O
train B-transport_type
to O
cornwall B-place_name
transport_query

hrw O
do O
i O
get O
to O
old B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_query

wits O
the O
best O
way O
to O
france B-place_name
transport_query

directional O
to O
sainsburys B-place_name
transport_query

hoe O
can O
i O
go O
to O
rome B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
on O
wednesday B-date
next B-date
week I-date
transport_query

wt O
is O
the O
most O
convenient O
hour O
to O
catch O
a O
train B-transport_type
to O
york B-place_name
on O
saturday B-date
transport_query

watt O
time O
is O
the O
earliest O
train B-transport_type
to O
glasgow B-place_name
transport_query

wat O
time O
does O
the O
train B-transport_type
arrive O
at O
<unk> O
transport_query

tells O
me O
the O
exact O
arrival O
time O
of O
train B-transport_type
from O
<unk> O
to O
<unk> O
transport_query

wren O
is O
the O
arrival O
of O
the O
train B-transport_type
at O
<unk> O
transport_query

huw O
can O
i O
go O
from O
boston B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_query

wary O
is O
the O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
transport_query

how O
leng O
will O
it O
take O
me O
to O
go O
to O
the O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
from O
here O
transport_query

huw O
do O
i O
get O
to O
the O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
for O
a O
ticket O
transport_query

welle O
is O
the O
closest O
train B-place_name
depot I-place_name
transport_query

what O
train B-place_name
stationed I-place_name
close O
to O
me O
also O
sell O
tickets O
transport_query

give O
me O
defections O
to O
the O
nearest O
mcdonald O
's O
transport_query

huw O
to O
go O
the O
nearest O
mall B-place_name
asap O
transport_query

give O
the O
shortcut O
route O
to O
the O
airport B-place_name
transport_query

hey O
wren O
is O
the O
next O
local O
from O
mumbai B-place_name
to O
pune B-place_name
transport_query

is O
them O
any O
train B-transport_type
plying O
from O
pune B-place_name
to O
mumbai B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
transport_query

wren O
is O
the O
last O
local O
departing O
from O
mumbai B-place_name
cst I-place_name
to O
pune B-place_name
transport_query

maps O
out O
a O
route O
from O
here O
to O
abita B-place_name
brew I-place_name
pub I-place_name
transport_query

tells O
me O
how O
to O
get O
from O
here O
to O
the O
chimes B-place_name
in I-place_name
covington I-place_name
transport_query

give O
me O
directional O
to O
get O
from O
here O
to O
crescent B-place_name
city I-place_name
brewhouse I-place_name
in O
new B-place_name
orleans I-place_name
transport_query

wary O
to O
buy O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_query

hrw O
to O
i O
get O
to O
cape B-place_name
cod I-place_name
transport_query

wat O
is O
the O
fastest O
route O
to O
my O
grandmother O
's O
house B-place_name
transport_query

wat O
is O
the O
traffic O
like O
on O
my O
commute O
home B-place_name
at O
five B-time
transport_query

visit O
meritorious O
to O
help O
me O
purchase O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
transport_query

wien O
is O
the O
next O
train B-transport_type
to O
glasgow B-place_name
from O
aberdeen B-place_name
transport_query

confers O
a O
travel O
ticket O
to O
german B-place_name
transport_ticket

confers O
a O
railway O
reservation O
ticket O
to O
california B-place_name
transport_ticket

chiapas O
flights O
to O
kansas B-place_name
city I-place_name
from O
dallas B-place_name
transport_ticket

could O
you O
plead O
cancel O
my O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_ticket

hey O
i O
watt O
to O
get O
trains O
to O
manchester B-place_name
on O
wednesday B-date
transport_ticket

i O
nude O
to O
go O
to O
dundee B-place_name
at O
five B-time
am I-time
on O
sunday B-date
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

books O
me O
a O
ticket O
for O
a O
train B-transport_type
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
from O
boston B-place_name
in O
two B-date
days I-date
from I-date
now I-date
transport_ticket

schedules O
a O
journey O
to O
las B-place_name
vegas I-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

books O
me O
a O
return B-transport_descriptor
trip O
from O
edinburgh B-place_name
to O
london B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

bec O
a O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
for O
me O
transport_ticket

books O
a O
train B-transport_type
for O
me O
transport_ticket

recurve O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
transport_ticket

i O
ned O
to O
get O
to O
bristol B-place_name
friday B-date
night B-time
can O
you O
book O
me O
a O
ticket O
please O
transport_ticket

book O
a O
tickle O
to O
paris B-place_name
on O
eurostar B-transport_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
this B-date
friday I-date
transport_ticket

brook O
me O
a O
ticket O
to O
paris B-place_name
on O
eurostar B-transport_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
transport_ticket

reserves O
a O
ticket O
to O
go O
to O
destination B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

bty O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
to O
transport_ticket

gmt O
me O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
to O
go O
to O
transport_ticket

cand O
you O
book O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_ticket

can O
you O
bec O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
for O
my O
mother B-relation
transport_ticket

can O
you O
books O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
for O
my O
father B-relation
transport_ticket

book O
my O
firsts B-transport_descriptor
class I-transport_descriptor
ac O
ttrain O
icket O
from O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
to O
san B-place_name
francisco I-place_name
transport_ticket

book O
my O
cherry O
class O
ac O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
from O
manhattan B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
transport_ticket

confirmed O
a O
movie O
ticket O
at O
glory B-place_name
theater I-place_name
recommendation_movies

shook O
i O
watch O
this O
movie O
recommendation_movies

witt O
film O
should O
i O
watch O
recommendation_movies

watt O
is O
a O
good O
iranian O
film O
from O
two B-date
thousand I-date
and I-date
sixteen I-date
recommendation_movies

wt O
is O
a O
good O
movie O
to O
see O
right O
now O
recommendation_movies

wnt O
are O
the O
new O
movies B-event_name
releasing O
recommendation_movies

tip O
ten O
movies O
recommendation_movies

lightest O
movie O
releases O
recommendation_movies

what O
new O
movie O
are O
played O
in O
cinemas O
this B-date
week I-date
recommendation_movies

can O
you O
teal O
me O
which O
movie B-event_name
is O
going O
on O
in O
the O
nearby O
multiple O
<unk> O
recommendation_movies

recommended O
a O
movie B-event_name
which O
is O
released O
last B-date
friday I-date
recommendation_movies

repeats O
last O
message O
email_query

ply O
back O
the O
last O
message O
email_query

receipt O
the O
last O
message O
email_query

reed O
the O
message O
again O
email_query

entails O
email_query

finds O
my O
email O
for O
date O
email_query

chuck O
new O
message O
in O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

revd O
me O
the O
last O
email O
from O
stefan B-person
and O
oil O
change O
email_query

fina O
me O
all O
mails O
from O
magda B-person
with O
holidays O
word O
in O
the O
title O
email_query

wien O
did O
i O
get O
an O
email O
from O
john B-person
smith I-person
about O
car O
accident O
email_query

let O
me O
knows O
if O
i O
have O
new O
emails O
email_query

arm O
there O
new O
emails O
for O
me O
email_query

pleads O
check O
for O
new O
emails O
email_query

do O
i O
halves O
any O
emails O
from O
hongbin B-person
email_query

has O
the O
universally B-business_name
of I-business_name
greenwich I-business_name
emailed O
me O
email_query

what O
new O
entails O
do O
i O
have O
form O
amie B-person
email_query

teal O
me O
the O
last O
message O
email_query

ds O
i O
have O
new O
email O
email_query

iis O
there O
any O
new O
email O
email_query

tull O
me O
if O
i O
have O
new O
emails O
email_query

dw O
i O
have O
any O
new O
email O
email_query

ani O
new O
emails O
email_query

is O
there O
airing O
new O
in O
my O
mailbo O
<unk> O
email_query

in O
there O
any O
email O
from O
emilia B-person
email_query

do O
i O
hv O
any O
email O
from O
work O
email_query

dw O
i O
have O
any O
new O
emails O
email_query

ure O
me O
on O
my O
emails O
email_query

tull O
me O
about O
new O
emails O
email_query

do O
i O
hmv O
any O
new O
email O
from O
pawel B-person
email_query

chen O
my O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

showy O
new O
emails O
to O
me O
email_query

chuck O
my O
new O
emails O
email_query

did O
i O
receives O
any O
emails O
from O
kevin B-person
and O
what O
did O
he O
say O
email_query

do O
i O
hag O
any O
emails O
from O
robert B-person
email_query

hat O
robert B-person
emailed O
me O
yet O
email_query

has O
dated B-person
got O
back O
to O
me O
yet O
email_query

let O
me O
known O
if O
i O
get O
a O
message O
about O
the O
party B-event_name
from O
jane B-person
email_query

assert O
me O
of O
an O
email O
from O
dave B-person
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
email_query

ary O
news O
from O
agnes B-person
email_query

ani O
recent O
emails O
from O
anna B-person
email_query

dvd O
i O
get O
any O
replies O
from O
jan B-person
email_query

dvd O
i O
get O
anything O
new O
from O
my O
boss B-relation
email_query

arm O
there O
any O
email O
utes O
email_query

cheek O
my O
email O
messages O
email_query

chuck O
if O
there O
are O
new O
emails O
email_query

are O
there O
unheard O
emails O
in O
my O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

topics O
of O
content O
email_query

tidal O
of O
content O
email_query

tonic O
email_query

rec O
email O
from O
julia B-person
email_query

reb O
email O
subject O
chemistry O
email_query

do O
i O
halved O
any O
emails O
about O
chemistry O
email_query

ars O
there O
unread O
emails O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

chen O
email O
for O
received O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

check O
entails O
for O
unread O
emails O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

tull O
me O
form O
whom O
i O
got O
the O
last O
email O
email_query

plead O
read O
the O
last O
email O
for O
me O
email_query

plead O
check O
if O
there O
is O
a O
new O
email O
on O
the O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

plea O
check O
my O
mails O
email_query

is O
theirs O
any O
new O
mail O
for O
me O
email_query

watched O
out O
my O
new O
mails O
on O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

lock O
up O
for O
my O
email O
utes O
email_query

do O
i O
hap O
any O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

chen O
to O
see O
if O
i O
have O
any O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

arn O
there O
any O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

cheek O
my O
new O
emails O
and O
tell O
me O
what O
are O
they O
about O
email_query

chuck O
all O
the O
new O
them O
wmails O
and O
mark O
them O
star O
email_query

cheek O
emails O
for O
last B-time
hour I-time
email_query

checks O
emails O
for O
last B-time
two I-time
hours I-time
email_query

cheek O
emails O
for O
last B-time
twelve I-time
hours I-time
email_query

do O
i O
hmv O
any O
emails O
from O
katherine B-person
email_query

are O
then O
any O
unread O
emails O
from O
patrick B-person
email_query

do O
i O
hat O
any O
emails O
to O
read O
from O
jason B-person
email_query

last O
new O
emails O
email_query

showy O
latest O
emails O
email_query

is O
finished O
my O
to O
do O
list O
lists_query

read O
a O
beaks O
to O
read O
list O
for O
me O
please O
lists_query

list O
the O
islas O
on O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

watt O
else O
is O
missing O
in O
the O
diary O
lists_query

witt O
's O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

ani O
special O
events O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

howl O
many O
events O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

witt O
is O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

tele O
me O
what O
is O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

lift O
things O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

wat O
is O
on O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
today B-date
lists_query

wt O
i O
am O
going O
to O
do O
today B-date
lists_query

witt O
's O
on O
my O
todo B-list_name
list O
lists_query

do O
i O
hag O
banana O
in O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

add O
vod O
to O
my O
party B-list_name
shopping I-list_name
list O
lists_query

did O
you O
arid O
milk O
to O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

is O
there O
awning O
left O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

do O
i O
hamm O
anything O
on O
the O
list O
lists_query

make O
sure O
brad O
is O
on O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_query

wt O
to O
i O
have O
a O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_query

sneak O
all O
items O
for O
to O
day O
lists_query

run O
ober O
my O
to O
do O
list O
with O
me O
lists_query

mace O
a O
list O
of O
all O
the O
clothing O
range O
available O
on O
ralph O
n O
. O
lauren O
lists_query

wt O
list O
is O
available O
for O
food O
products O
online O
lists_query

wat O
's O
on O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_query

watt O
's O
on O
my O
playlist B-list_name
lists_query

wheat O
is O
on O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_query

wat O
's O
on O
a O
list O
about O
my O
meetings B-event_name
this B-date
month I-date
lists_query

do O
i O
hath O
anything O
lists O
made O
for O
christmas B-list_name
shopping I-list_name
lists_query

which O
groceries B-list_name
stores I-list_name
have O
i O
mad O
a O
list O
with O
lists_query

wnt O
lists O
do O
i O
have O
lists_query

gov O
me O
lists O
lists_query

wt O
are O
my O
lists O
lists_query

list O
lists_query

mya O
lists O
lists_query

lasts O
i O
have O
lists_query

tall O
me O
what O
is O
next O
on O
my O
query O
lists_query

gays O
play_game

puzzle O
and O
games O
app O
play_game

vitro O
games O
play_game

ploy O
chess B-game_name
with O
me O
play_game

plays O
a O
game O
with O
me O
play_game

let O
's O
plays O
a O
game O
of O
trivia B-game_name
play_game

can O
we O
pay O
a O
game O
of O
hangman B-game_name
play_game

loa O
a O
fun O
game O
that O
i O
can O
play O
with O
you O
play_game

ploy O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

stark O
playing O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

turk O
on O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

play O
supper B-game_name
mario I-game_name
brothers I-game_name
game O
with O
me O
play_game

plays O
candy B-game_name
crush I-game_name
with O
me O
play_game

ploy O
subway B-game_name
surfers I-game_name
with O
me O
play_game

clan O
you O
play O
tic B-game_name
tac I-game_name
toe I-game_name
play_game

i O
went O
to O
play O
rock B-game_name
paper I-game_name
scissors I-game_name
let O
's O
play O
play_game

i O
fal O
like O
playing O
chess B-game_name
can O
you O
play O
that O
play_game

owen O
up O
tetris B-game_name
play_game

is O
would O
like O
to O
play O
tetris B-game_name
play_game

lunch O
super B-game_name
mario I-game_name
play_game

wand O
to O
play O
a O
game O
play_game

lecce O
play O
play_game

is O
challenge O
you O
to O
a O
game O
play_game

defeating O
calendar O
events O
calendar_remove

cancels O
business B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
on O
wednesday B-date
calendar_remove

delete O
the O
richer O
's O
wedding O
event O
next B-date
year I-date
calendar_remove

remove O
standish B-event_name
on O
friday B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

cancels O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

removes O
chat B-event_name
with O
allan B-person
calendar_remove

consul O
the O
breakfast B-meal_type
at O
tiffany O
's O
calendar_remove

clears O
my O
day B-time
from O
meetings B-event_name
calendar_remove

cancels O
all O
events O
in O
the O
next B-time
two I-time
days I-time
calendar_remove

remove O
standoff B-event_name
on O
friday B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

candle O
the O
breakfast B-meal_type
at O
tiffany O
's O
calendar_remove

plead O
cancel O
all O
my O
events O
for O
today B-date
calendar_remove

removed O
calendar O
events O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

plea O
clean O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

plead O
cancel O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

dolly O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

candle O
my O
five B-time
pm I-time
daily B-general_frequency
call B-event_name
calendar_remove

removed O
from O
my O
calendar O
meeting B-event_name
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

drops O
my O
june B-date
holiday B-event_name
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

delius O
my O
next O
event O
calendar_remove

deceive O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

removes O
my O
next O
event O
calendar_remove

remove O
next O
meaning B-event_name
today B-date
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

deleted O
all O
the O
events O
of O
today B-date
calendar_remove

removes O
all O
the O
events O
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

deleting O
all O
meetings O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_remove

firs O
up O
my O
schedule O
for O
the O
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

delay O
all O
events O
for O
the O
next B-date
five I-date
days I-date
calendar_remove

go O
to O
to O
next O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
and O
delete O
it O
calendar_remove

deceive O
the O
next O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
calendar_remove

wherever O
the O
next O
event O
is O
in O
the O
calendar O
delete O
it O
calendar_remove

cn O
you O
deleted O
the O
current O
event O
calendar_remove

can O
you O
evade O
the O
past O
event O
i O
visited O
calendar_remove

can O
you O
deleting O
the O
not O
so O
important O
events O
calendar_remove

cancel O
the O
meaning B-event_name
next B-date
week I-date
thu O
. O
s O
. O
d O
.ay O
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_remove

delete O
the O
barangay B-event_name
party I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_remove

erase O
the O
meaning B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

cheese O
calender O
calendar_remove

delft O
the O
event O
calendar_remove

can O
you O
deleting O
all O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

plea O
delete O
all O
the O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

removed O
all O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

deceive O
the O
dentist B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

clair O
off O
the O
vet B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_remove

elaine O
the O
lawn B-event_name
care I-event_name
appointment I-event_name
next B-date
month I-date
calendar_remove

removes O
all O
events O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

removes O
events O
calendar_remove

deceive O
events O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

deleting O
all O
events O
and O
information O
calendar_remove

eros O
all O
the O
events O
calendar_remove

removed O
all O
the O
events O
and O
schedules O
calendar_remove

wife O
calendar O
clean O
calendar_remove

removed O
all O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

jest O
how O
bad O
is O
traffic O
on O
my O
commute O
transport_traffic

trapping O
congestion O
issues O
transport_traffic

i O
wd O
have O
avoided O
the O
traffic O
if O
i O
went O
early O
transport_traffic

hrw O
is O
the O
traffic O
right O
now O
transport_traffic

wat O
is O
traffic O
to O
work O
now O
transport_traffic

howl O
is O
my O
commute O
transport_traffic

wat O
is O
traffic O
transport_traffic

wits O
the O
traffic O
density O
in O
transport_traffic

can O
i O
pats O
the O
bypass B-place_name
road I-place_name
at O
current O
traffic O
transport_traffic

what O
the O
track O
condition O
outside O
my O
office B-place_name
transport_traffic

hoe O
is O
the O
traffic O
in O
broadway B-place_name
street O
transport_traffic

hrw O
is O
the O
traffic O
situation O
in O
houston B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

is O
there O
track O
right O
now O
in O
maiden B-place_name
lane I-place_name
transport_traffic

witt O
is O
the O
traffic O
like O
right O
now O
on O
telegraph B-place_name
transport_traffic

hoe O
bad O
is O
the O
traffic O
near O
the O
airport B-place_name
transport_traffic

wits O
the O
traffic O
like O
near O
ypsilanti B-place_name
transport_traffic

is O
them O
more O
traffic O
in O
canal B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

how O
much O
track O
is O
there O
right O
now O
in O
bowery B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

wnt O
is O
the O
traffic O
situation O
right O
in O
broadway B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

wheat O
are O
the O
traffic O
conditions O
on O
the O
one B-place_name
hundred I-place_name
and I-place_name
one I-place_name
transport_traffic

watt O
is O
skynet O
qa_definition

tull O
me O
about O
it O
qa_definition

wt O
is O
qa_definition

fine O
a O
definition O
qa_definition

witt O
an O
umbrella B-definition_word
means O
qa_definition

wien O
can O
you O
use O
word O
set B-definition_word
qa_definition

in O
what O
stereo O
would O
you O
use O
word O
inconvenience B-definition_word
qa_definition

defined O
transcendet B-definition_word
qa_definition

defies O
elaborate B-definition_word
qa_definition

explained O
what O
gdp B-definition_word
means O
qa_definition

pleased O
define O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

defied O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

wheat O
is O
the O
definition O
of O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

tull O
me O
the O
synonym O
qa_definition

tull O
me O
the O
brief O
definition O
qa_definition

tell O
aloud O
the O
origin O
of O
the O
word O
qa_definition

witt O
does O
turbulence B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

defines O
 O
'juggernaut O
qa_definition

looks O
up O
 O
'melancholy O
qa_definition

wnt O
is O
the O
definition O
of O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

defines O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

chuck O
definition O
of O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

wheat O
is O
infinity B-definition_word
qa_definition

watt O
is O
the O
definition O
of O
precocious B-definition_word
qa_definition

looks O
up O
the O
definition O
of O
blunder B-definition_word
qa_definition

can O
you O
looks O
up O
the O
definition O
of O
cavil B-definition_word
qa_definition

witt O
does O
animal B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

look O
up O
animate B-definition_word
and O
give O
me O
the O
definition O
qa_definition

gives O
me O
the O
definition O
for O
animal B-definition_word
qa_definition

gill O
me O
the O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

i O
wants O
the O
exact O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

do O
you O
known O
the O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

watt O
's O
the O
word O
orange B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

witt O
are O
the O
definitions O
of O
orange B-definition_word
qa_definition

hrw O
do O
you O
define O
the O
word O
orange B-definition_word
qa_definition

hrw O
to O
spell O
the O
word O
giraffe B-definition_word
qa_definition

can O
you O
abe O
to O
say O
the O
word O
demonetisation B-definition_word
qa_definition

hrw O
to O
spell O
the O
word O
treble B-definition_word
qa_definition

wat O
is O
the O
definition O
of O
session B-definition_word
qa_definition

defines O
session B-definition_word
qa_definition

watt O
does O
session B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

players O
who O
play O
a O
game O
qa_definition

aster O
who O
acts O
a O
role O
qa_definition

directors O
who O
direct O
an O
act O
qa_definition

huw O
can O
the O
word O
placid B-definition_word
be O
used O
qa_definition

wt O
are O
the O
synonyms O
of O
placid B-definition_word
qa_definition

watt O
is O
the O
meaning O
of O
placid B-definition_word
qa_definition

tells O
me O
meaning O
of O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

watt O
is O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

tells O
me O
all O
about O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

remove O
grocery O
shipping O
from O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
on O
sunday B-date
lists_remove

deceive O
everything O
on O
the O
menu O
lists_remove

plea O
clean O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

removed O
from O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
everything O
lists_remove

deceive O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

removes O
eggs O
for O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

delay O
the O
first O
item O
on O
the O
list O
lists_remove

tape O
eggs O
of O
the O
list O
lists_remove

deleted O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

removes O
my O
task B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

deleting O
this O
list O
lists_remove

removes O
event O
from O
my O
list O
lists_remove

dolly O
item O
lists_remove

removed O
item O
lists_remove

removed O
event O
from O
my O
list O
lists_remove

i O
'd O
live O
to O
cancel O
the O
trip O
to O
vegas O
next O
week O
lists_remove

take O
brad O
out O
from O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

criss O
out O
bread O
from O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

deceive O
bread O
from O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

removed O
a O
list O
of O
things B-list_name
to I-list_name
buy I-list_name
lists_remove

deleted O
the O
list O
created O
yesteday O
lists_remove

candle O
the O
list O
lists_remove

grt O
rid O
of O
a O
list O
lists_remove

delay O
list O
lists_remove

delay O
the O
following O
list O
lists_remove

gst O
rid O
of O
item O
on O
the O
list O
lists_remove

tape O
item O
off O
list O
lists_remove

go O
to O
to O
list O
and O
remove O
item O
lists_remove

removed O
a O
list O
of O
employees O
lists_remove

removed O
a O
list O
of O
food B-list_name
items O
purchased O
last B-date
week I-date
lists_remove

removes O
a O
list O
of O
accessories B-list_name
purchase O
last B-date
week I-date
lists_remove

ius O
depend O
pon O
the O
seen O
lists_remove

its O
mate O
me O
good O
lucking O
guy O
inside O
very O
very O
horkersd O
wo O
lists_remove

hpv O
you O
responded O
my O
phone B-event_name
calls I-event_name
email_querycontact

calls O
mom B-relation
email_querycontact

what O
is O
jami O
johns O
's O
corporate B-personal_info
number I-personal_info
email_querycontact

wnt O
's O
the O
email B-personal_info
address I-personal_info
of O
silvia B-person
email_querycontact

wat O
's O
his O
number B-personal_info
email_querycontact

tele O
me O
the O
landline B-personal_info
number I-personal_info
email_querycontact

wheat O
is O
job B-personal_info
title I-personal_info
of O
jan B-person
medvesek I-person
email_querycontact

wet O
seth B-person
lives B-personal_info
email_querycontact

witt O
is O
a O
work B-personal_info
phone I-personal_info
number I-personal_info
of O
emilia B-person
email_querycontact

wren O
is O
jacob O
's O
birthday B-event_name
email_querycontact

choo O
contact O
email_querycontact

selena O
information O
you O
want O
email_querycontact

is O
ales O
<unk> O
saved O
in O
my O
contacts O
list O
email_querycontact

is O
then O
email B-personal_info
id I-personal_info
of O
john B-person
in O
the O
list O
email_querycontact

how O
many O
contracts O
are O
there O
named O
john B-person
email_querycontact

plead O
give O
me O
details B-personal_info
of O
allen B-person
from O
my O
contact O
email_querycontact

is O
them O
a O
contact O
named B-personal_info
allen B-person
in O
my O
list O
email_querycontact

open O
the O
profiles B-personal_info
of O
allen B-person
from O
my O
contact O
email_querycontact

watt O
is O
email B-personal_info
id I-personal_info
of O
john B-person
email_querycontact

how O
many O
numbered B-personal_info
are O
saved O
for O
ale O
<unk> O
email_querycontact

finds O
all O
the O
contacts O
named B-personal_info
john B-person
email_querycontact

hoy O
ms O
the O
email B-personal_info
address I-personal_info
of O
john B-person
miller I-person
email_querycontact

cst O
a O
new O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

cra O
a O
list O
lists_createoradd

pleads O
create O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

adm O
apples O
to O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
aso O
need O
to O
buy O
batteries O
aaa O
lists_createoradd

caf O
you O
create O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

can O
you O
crate O
a O
new O
list O
in O
the O
playlist O
lists_createoradd

can O
you O
crate O
a O
new O
list O
in O
my O
podcast B-media_type
lists_createoradd

i O
ned O
to O
create O
a O
new O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

hela O
me O
start O
my O
kitchen B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
needy O
to O
put O
together O
a O
todo B-list_name
list O
for O
work O
lists_createoradd

adm O
bread O
to O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

pleads O
put O
bread O
on O
the O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

creates O
list O
lists_createoradd

mame O
list O
lists_createoradd

prepares O
list O
lists_createoradd

stara O
me O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

opens O
me O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
wnt O
to O
start O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

adv O
broccoli O
to O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
nude O
to O
add O
pasta O
and O
milk O
to O
the O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

add O
the O
poet O
office O
to O
my O
list O
of O
errands B-list_name
for O
saturday B-date
lists_createoradd

i O
watt O
to O
make O
this O
week O
's O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
wan O
to O
make O
next O
week O
's O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
ned O
to O
make O
a O
list O
of O
bills B-list_name
that I-list_name
are I-list_name
due I-list_name
lists_createoradd

amd O
the O
item O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

asd O
this O
item O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

av O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

crate O
a O
new O
list O
for O
my O
birthday B-list_name
plans I-list_name
lists_createoradd

plea O
add O
tom B-person
to O
my O
contact O
list O
email_addcontact

adf O
new O
email B-personal_info
to O
anna B-person
email_addcontact

creates O
new O
contact O
with O
email B-personal_info
email_addcontact

adm O
this O
person O
's O
email B-personal_info
email_addcontact

creates O
new O
contact O
email_addcontact

av O
email B-personal_info
to O
existing O
contact O
email_addcontact

changes O
my O
mum O
's O
email B-personal_info
in O
my O
phonebook O
email_addcontact

asd O
 O
'john@gmailcom O
to O
contacts O
email_addcontact

asd O
new O
email O
to O
contacts O
email_addcontact

bec O
me O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
leith B-place_name
in O
half B-time
an I-time
hour I-time
transport_taxi

scheduled O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
in O
twenty B-time
minutes I-time
to O
tesco B-business_name
on O
fifth B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_taxi

bec O
me O
a O
cab B-transport_type
transport_taxi

i O
am O
growing O
to O
chinatown B-place_name
in O
half B-time
an I-time
hour I-time
book O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
me O
transport_taxi

cull O
me O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
the O
airport B-place_name
at O
five B-time
am I-time
transport_taxi

calls O
me O
a O
cab B-transport_type
to O
the O
trainstation O
transport_taxi

i O
needs O
a O
cab B-transport_type
in O
thirty O
mins O
transport_taxi

can O
you O
brook O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
me O
transport_taxi

con O
you O
book O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
tomorrow B-date
transport_taxi

can O
you O
brook O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
after O
i O
left O
for O
office O
transport_taxi

calls O
me O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
right O
now O
transport_taxi

flap O
me O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
ten B-time
pm I-time
tonight B-timeofday
transport_taxi

sed O
up O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
for O
eleven B-time
am I-time
tomorrow B-date
transport_taxi

i O
needy O
a O
uber B-transport_agency
to O
my O
current O
location O
transport_taxi

cal O
a O
cal O
for O
me O
to O
where O
i O
am O
currently B-place_name
located I-place_name
transport_taxi

sand O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
to O
me O
right O
now O
transport_taxi

could O
you O
pleased O
hire O
me O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
go O
to O
the O
opera B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
transport_taxi

could O
you O
plead O
have O
uber B-transport_agency
be O
at O
my O
house B-place_name
in O
fifteen B-time
minutes I-time
transport_taxi

tan O
percantages O
of O
hundred O
qa_maths

concert O
ten O
miles O
to O
kilometers O
qa_maths

seventh O
times O
seven O
qa_maths

wat O
is O
<unk> O
plus O
<unk> O
etc O
<unk> O
qa_maths

nell O
qa_maths

nhl O
qa_maths

calculated O
<unk> O
qa_maths

wt O
is O
the O
sum O
total O
square O
root O
etc O
of O
<unk> O
<unk> O
qa_maths

nell O
qa_maths

nell O
qa_maths

nhl O
qa_maths

goggles O
qa_maths

centered O
of O
browsing O
qa_maths

browser O
centres O
qa_maths

fong O
plus O
five O
equals O
nine O
qa_maths

tree O
times O
two O
equals O
six O
qa_maths

witt O
currency O
does O
croatia B-place_name
use O
qa_currency

watt O
is O
qa_currency

tele O
me O
the O
current O
dollar O
ratio O
for O
the O
us B-place_name
and O
canada B-place_name
qa_currency

i O
wool O
like O
my O
to O
tell O
me O
the O
trend O
on O
foreign O
exchange O
rates O
qa_currency

watt O
is O
the O
current O
dollar O
to O
euro O
conversion O
rate O
qa_currency

how O
match O
is O
b O
. O
p O
. O
in O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
qa_currency

wnt O
's O
the O
exchange O
rates O
qa_currency

currently O
converter O
please O
qa_currency

wnt O
is O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
us B-currency_name
and O
canada B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
munch O
is O
five O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
worth O
in O
euros B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
mooney O
would O
twenty O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
be O
in O
mexico B-currency_name
qa_currency

wt O
is O
the O
euro O
to O
dollar O
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

tech O
me O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
euro O
and O
the O
dollar O
qa_currency

wt O
is O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
dollar B-currency_name
and O
the O
euro B-currency_name
currently O
qa_currency

how O
match O
is O
ten O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
in O
indian B-currency_name
rupees I-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
match O
is O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
in O
pounds B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
mitch O
is O
one O
inr B-currency_name
to O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
qa_currency

witt O
is O
the O
dollar B-currency_name
equivilant O
in O
pesos B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
mens O
euro B-currency_name
make O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
qa_currency

if O
i O
halle O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
how O
many O
yen B-currency_name
would O
that O
be O
qa_currency

how O
mend O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
are O
there O
in O
a O
g O
. O
b O
. O
p O
. O
qa_currency

how O
many O
paces B-currency_name
will O
i O
get O
for O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
qa_currency

how O
mend O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
are O
in O
a O
euro B-currency_name
qa_currency

wt O
is O
the O
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
euro B-currency_name
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

wheat O
is O
the O
yen B-currency_name
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

wheat O
is O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
pound B-currency_name
sterling I-currency_name
and O
the O
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
qa_currency

wat O
is O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
us O
dollars O
and O
yen O
qa_currency

how O
many O
enos O
are O
in O
a O
dollar O
qa_currency

how O
many O
chadian O
dollars O
are O
in O
a O
us O
dollar O
qa_currency

wt O
are O
pounds B-currency_name
worth O
right O
now O
qa_currency

how O
many O
paco B-currency_name
will O
[currency_source O
 O
: O
dollars] O
get O
me O
qa_currency

watt O
does O
one O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
equal O
in O
aus B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
is O
wir O
more O
a O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
or O
aus B-currency_name
qa_currency

witt O
is O
the O
dollar B-currency_name
price O
in O
inr B-currency_name
qa_currency

wat O
is O
the O
value O
of O
pound B-currency_name
in O
rupees B-currency_name
qa_currency

hanns O
the O
dollar O
rate O
increased O
qa_currency

wat O
is O
the O
exchange O
rate O
of O
currency O
in O
uk B-place_name
qa_currency

i O
thank O
you O
have O
done O
it O
all O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

i O
thick O
you O
messed O
up O
with O
the O
request O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
starry O
but O
you O
had O
it O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

yaw O
command O
was O
incorrect O
. O
general_negate

yaw O
are O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

plea O
correct O
that O
command O
. O
general_negate

sit O
, O
i O
think O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

uh O
nwo O
, O
i O
think O
incorrect O
command O
. O
general_negate

yaw O
don O
't O
understand O
it O
right O
. O
general_negate

npo O
, O
i O
did O
not O
ask O
for O
this O
response O
. O
general_negate

schott O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
ask O
for O
this O
. O
general_negate

it O
wasn O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

ooh O
, O
i O
think O
you O
have O
understood O
me O
wrongly O
. O
general_negate

serie O
but O
you O
have O
messed O
up O
. O
general_negate

uh O
nwo O
, O
i O
did O
not O
ask O
for O
that O
command O
. O
general_negate

yee O
did O
it O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

i O
thick O
olly O
's O
command O
was O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

your O
ansar O
was O
not O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

shut O
, O
i O
think O
you O
did O
that O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

pleads O
fix O
the O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

opm O
, O
i O
think O
that O
was O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

serie O
i O
did O
not O
mean O
to O
say O
that O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
serie O
but O
this O
was O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

starry O
but O
i O
think O
it O
's O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

white O
, O
i O
think O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

serie O
but O
it O
is O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanked O
but O
i O
think O
that O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

serie O
but O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

stp O
, O
that O
is O
not O
the O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

seize O
like O
the O
answer O
was O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

yle O
do O
not O
understand O
what O
i O
just O
said O
. O
general_negate

i O
thick O
you O
have O
understood O
that O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanked O
but O
you O
're O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

tat O
is O
not O
the O
right O
location O
. O
general_negate

shim O
, O
that O
isn O
't O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

hmm O
, O
than O
isn O
't O
what O
i O
am O
searching O
for O
. O
general_negate

yee O
gave O
me O
incorrect O
information O
. O
general_negate

pleads O
change O
the O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
nw O
, O
i O
think O
not O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

thinks O
but O
you O
didn O
't O
get O
me O
. O
general_negate

thanked O
but O
you O
don O
't O
instruction O
the O
request O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

dalit O
, O
i O
think O
you O
did O
this O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

opm O
, O
i O
think O
this O
was O
not O
the O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

uh O
ngo O
, O
i O
did O
not O
ask O
for O
it O
command O
. O
general_negate

is O
think O
not O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

i O
thinks O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

than O
's O
not O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

plea O
make O
sure O
your O
command O
was O
correct O
because O
it O
doesn O
't O
sound O
right O
. O
general_negate

wane O
, O
it O
is O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
neo O
, O
you O
didn O
't O
understand O
what O
i O
meant O
. O
general_negate

yaw O
did O
not O
find O
the O
right O
address O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
npo O
, O
i O
think O
that O
is O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
sars O
but O
you O
have O
messed O
up O
with O
my O
request O
. O
general_negate

tat O
wasn O
't O
correct O
. O
general_negate

tanks O
but O
i O
think O
you O
didn O
't O
understand O
command O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

it O
's O
non O
what O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

no O
, O
thick O
is O
not O
what O
i O
am O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

stomp O
, O
you O
didn O
't O
instruction O
the O
request O
right O
. O
general_negate

thanked O
but O
i O
think O
that O
's O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

offs O
, O
you O
have O
messed O
up O
. O
general_negate

shiv O
, O
it O
's O
not O
what O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

thanked O
but O
i O
think O
you O
did O
not O
get O
the O
answer O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

uh O
npo O
, O
you O
've O
done O
task O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

thinks O
but O
that O
's O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
neo O
, O
you O
've O
done O
that O
all O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

node O
, O
you O
gave O
me O
wrong O
information O
. O
general_negate

thinks O
but O
it O
was O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

stops O
, O
you O
've O
understood O
me O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

shut O
, O
you O
have O
done O
a O
task O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

tat O
must O
be O
some O
mistakes O
. O
general_negate

nw O
, O
i O
think O
you O
've O
done O
a O
task O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

yui O
have O
that O
incorrectly O
. O
general_negate

serie O
but O
you O
didn O
't O
get O
the O
answer O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

htm O
, O
i O
did O
not O
say O
this O
. O
general_negate

os O
, O
you O
're O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

stoop O
, O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
answer O
. O
general_negate

i O
thing O
this O
is O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

than O
must O
be O
mistakes O
. O
general_negate

hmv O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
ask O
for O
that O
. O
general_negate

than O
was O
not O
what O
i O
wanted O
. O
general_negate

stomp O
, O
i O
think O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

you O
did O
thick O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

i O
thinks O
you O
made O
mistake O
, O
please O
change O
this O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
ngo O
, O
i O
did O
not O
say O
that O
. O
general_negate

plea O
check O
the O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

yr O
did O
the O
task O
all O
wrongly O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
serie O
but O
it O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

uh O
nw O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
say O
this O
. O
general_negate

uh O
noa O
, O
it O
is O
incorrect O
answer O
. O
general_negate

schott O
, O
you O
gave O
me O
wrong O
information O
. O
general_negate

dalit O
, O
that O
's O
not O
what O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
starry O
but O
i O
think O
you O
've O
gottten O
it O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

tanks O
but O
i O
think O
you O
got O
me O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

i O
dun O
't O
really O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
. O
general_dontcare

in O
is O
unimportant O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

is O
wouldn O
't O
know O
. O
general_dontcare

the O
is O
of O
no O
importance O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

hang O
no O
idea O
regarding O
to O
which O
to O
select O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
wouldn O
not O
really O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

than O
does O
not O
really O
matter O
to O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
dun O
't O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

airing O
will O
be O
okay O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

dot O
't O
care O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

anyang O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

awning O
is O
okay O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

do O
not O
ricky O
mind O
for O
whatever O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

ricky O
do O
not O
mind O
. O
general_dontcare

is O
wouldn O
't O
bother O
. O
general_dontcare

dust O
't O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

would O
not O
relief O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

than O
is O
unimportant O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

tat O
does O
not O
matter O
to O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

doe O
not O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

awning O
will O
be O
okay O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

does O
not O
manner O
for O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
doon O
't O
care O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

any O
one O
wd O
be O
good O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

whenever O
would O
be O
good O
. O
general_dontcare

wd O
not O
mind O
to O
select O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

ds O
not O
bother O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
dun O
't O
really O
matter O
for O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
doe O
not O
really O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
dusk O
't O
matter O
to O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
hap O
no O
idea O
about O
what O
to O
select O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
dusk O
't O
really O
matter O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

any O
one O
wool O
be O
fine O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

thou O
is O
unimportant O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

ict O
doesn O
't O
really O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

thing O
does O
not O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

hash O
no O
idea O
about O
which O
to O
choose O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

tess O
does O
not O
matter O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

halves O
no O
idea O
for O
what O
to O
do O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
do O
nat O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

than O
is O
of O
no O
importance O
with O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

nevers O
mind O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

would O
't O
really O
mind O
to O
choose O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
dod O
't O
really O
mind O
to O
choose O
any O
one O
. O
general_dontcare

than O
doesn O
't O
really O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

wig O
you O
tell O
me O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

wd O
you O
say O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

pleads O
could O
you O
tell O
me O
that O
comment O
said O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

willa O
you O
tell O
me O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

cook O
you O
tell O
me O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

plea O
tell O
me O
that O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
wand O
to O
hear O
your O
last O
instruction O
you O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
'd O
liked O
to O
hear O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

cul O
you O
replay O
that O
. O
general_repeat

plea O
replay O
your O
last O
statement O
. O
general_repeat

pleased O
could O
you O
tell O
me O
that O
one O
more O
time O
again O
. O
general_repeat

cant O
you O
say O
it O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

wed O
you O
repeat O
. O
general_repeat

plea O
let O
's O
start O
over O
. O
general_repeat

pleased O
retry O
it O
. O
general_repeat

retreat O
the O
last O
one O
said O
. O
general_repeat

wt O
is O
that O
. O
general_repeat

pleased O
reset O
the O
last O
spoken O
. O
general_repeat

will O
you O
speck O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

tull O
me O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

wheat O
was O
that O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

tull O
me O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

pardoned O
. O
general_repeat

cam O
you O
try O
the O
last O
one O
you O
just O
said O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

couldn O
you O
do O
it O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

retrial O
the O
last O
spoken O
. O
general_repeat

tull O
me O
your O
last O
words O
said O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

wouldn O
you O
reset O
what O
i O
've O
said O
please O
. O
general_repeat

try O
yaw O
last O
thing O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

wed O
you O
repeat O
please O
. O
general_repeat

couldn O
you O
tell O
me O
once O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

shay O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

watt O
did O
you O
just O
say O
. O
general_repeat

cad O
you O
replay O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
nude O
to O
hear O
your O
last O
message O
spoke O
again O
. O
general_repeat

wouldn O
you O
start O
over O
. O
general_repeat

wool O
you O
say O
it O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

wig O
you O
tell O
me O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

say O
your O
sentenced O
spoken O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
wd O
like O
to O
hear O
it O
again O
. O
general_repeat

led O
us O
try O
your O
last O
things O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
neat O
to O
hear O
what O
i O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

wd O
you O
speak O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

can O
you O
teal O
me O
your O
last O
things O
spoke O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

sneak O
what O
you O
've O
said O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

led O
us O
try O
it O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

wig O
you O
tell O
me O
it O
once O
more O
. O
general_repeat

stomp O
and O
try O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

sai O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

pleads O
can O
you O
speak O
that O
things O
again O
. O
general_repeat

wook O
you O
say O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

cbn O
you O
do O
it O
again O
. O
general_repeat

lrt O
us O
try O
the O
last O
spoke O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

willa O
you O
do O
it O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

pleased O
speak O
that O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
'd O
lice O
to O
hear O
the O
last O
again O
. O
general_repeat

once O
more O
time O
. O
general_repeat

tull O
me O
what O
you O
've O
said O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

yeah O
extant O
response O
to O
the O
command O
. O
general_affirm

yeh O
that O
is O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

yee O
got O
it O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

itf O
's O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

ya O
that O
's O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
you O
have O
gotten O
command O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

you O
hpv O
got O
the O
answer O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yeh O
you O
've O
gotten O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

yap O
you O
have O
understood O
it O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yip O
you O
have O
understood O
your O
understanding O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yip O
you O
've O
understood O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

yr O
understood O
command O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

tat O
's O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

yeh O
you O
've O
understood O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

god O
. O
general_affirm

ya O
did O
it O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
underwood O
my O
instructions O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

ya O
you O
've O
got O
your O
understanding O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yap O
you O
've O
gotten O
that O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

rice O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yap O
you O
get O
your O
understanding O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yen O
wonderful O
response O
. O
general_affirm

you O
hpv O
done O
your O
understanding O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yee O
get O
it O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
it O
's O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

grt O
that O
right O
. O
general_affirm

ya O
strongly O
agree O
. O
general_affirm

wondering O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
great O
respond O
to O
the O
command O
. O
general_affirm

you O
hath O
done O
the O
command O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

cornette O
response O
. O
general_affirm

than O
's O
good O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
amazing O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
perfect O
responsa O
to O
the O
command O
. O
general_affirm

tat O
's O
excellent O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
have O
got O
it O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yle O
understood O
my O
instructions O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yeh O
you O
have O
got O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
you O
've O
gotten O
your O
understanding O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

goody O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yee O
you O
did O
that O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

fanatic O
response O
to O
command O
. O
general_affirm

yet O
that O
's O
fantastic O
. O
general_affirm

ya O
agree O
. O
general_affirm

yee O
the O
command O
was O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

yen O
that O
's O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

perfecting O
. O
general_affirm

itn O
's O
exact O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
that O
's O
fantastic O
. O
general_affirm

gst O
that O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
you O
've O
understood O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yap O
correct O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yen O
that O
's O
excellent O
. O
general_affirm

yaw O
you O
've O
got O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

yee O
have O
done O
it O
right O
. O
general_affirm

olly O
wd O
you O
please O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
pleads O
would O
you O
shut O
off O
. O
general_commandstop

oddly O
please O
can O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

that O
's O
enid O
, O
cancel O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

caf O
you O
please O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
that O
's O
enough O
, O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

cand O
you O
please O
shut O
up O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
that O
's O
all O
, O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

is O
like O
you O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
that O
's O
enough O
, O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
that O
is O
all O
, O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

ozzy O
please O
would O
you O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

i O
wig O
talk O
to O
you O
later O
. O
general_commandstop

than O
's O
all O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
can O
you O
please O
shut O
up O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
that O
's O
enough O
, O
just O
cancel O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

plead O
can O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

plead O
would O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

jussi O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

pleased O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
i O
will O
talk O
to O
you O
later O
. O
general_commandstop

oddly O
that O
is O
all O
, O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
i O
wed O
like O
you O
just O
stop O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

wig O
you O
shut O
up O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

is O
would O
like O
you O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

otley O
will O
you O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

ozzy O
shut O
down O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

wig O
you O
just O
cancel O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

oddly O
i O
will O
talk O
to O
you O
later O
on O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
cul O
you O
please O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

ozzy O
will O
you O
shut O
off O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
wook O
you O
just O
cancel O
it O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

dig O
you O
get O
that O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
life O
you O
confirm O
that O
please O
. O
general_confirm

chuck O
what O
said O
. O
general_confirm

cook O
you O
check O
the O
details O
. O
general_confirm

cul O
you O
please O
check O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

cook O
you O
confirm O
details O
. O
general_confirm

pleased O
can O
you O
confirm O
the O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
live O
you O
to O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
pleads O
confirm O
the O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

pleased O
could O
you O
confirm O
the O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

didn O
you O
get O
the O
question O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

would O
you O
plead O
check O
and O
confirm O
what O
i O
last O
said O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
plea O
confirm O
what O
said O
. O
general_confirm

check O
and O
confirms O
the O
instruction O
please O
. O
general_confirm

pleads O
check O
and O
confirm O
it O
. O
general_confirm

plea O
will O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
it O
. O
general_confirm

chuck O
question O
please O
. O
general_confirm

cul O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
detail O
please O
. O
general_confirm

plea O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

div O
you O
get O
instruction O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

check O
and O
confers O
the O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
chuck O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
pleads O
check O
the O
command O
. O
general_confirm

chuck O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
life O
you O
confirm O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
chuck O
and O
confirm O
the O
question O
please O
. O
general_confirm

will O
you O
checks O
and O
confirm O
command O
. O
general_confirm

dod O
you O
get O
detail O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

cook O
you O
please O
check O
that O
. O
general_confirm

i O
live O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
pleased O
check O
the O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

pleased O
can O
you O
confirm O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

will O
you O
chen O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

confirms O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

checks O
and O
confirm O
the O
question O
. O
general_confirm

check O
and O
confirms O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

cheek O
that O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
confer O
my O
last O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

please O
confirms O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
. O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
lise O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
details O
please O
. O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
lie O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

will O
you O
checks O
and O
confirm O
what O
i O
last O
said O
. O
general_confirm

cook O
you O
check O
the O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

wd O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
plead O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
. O
general_confirm

chen O
the O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

confers O
the O
details O
please O
. O
general_confirm

wook O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
it O
please O
. O
general_confirm

cac O
you O
check O
that O
please O
. O
general_confirm

pleased O
can O
you O
check O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
wants O
you O
to O
check O
and O
confirm O
what O
last O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

i O
wand O
you O
to O
check O
it O
please O
. O
general_confirm

pleads O
will O
you O
confirm O
details O
. O
general_confirm

dad O
you O
get O
my O
last O
question O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

would O
you O
confer O
the O
detail O
please O
. O
general_confirm

ds O
not O
get O
this O
. O
general_explain

plead O
can O
you O
elaborate O
me O
on O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
further O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
replays O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

is O
could O
not O
understand O
this O
. O
general_explain

pleads O
once O
again O
explain O
. O
general_explain

can O
you O
clarifies O
more O
on O
what O
you O
've O
said O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

cant O
't O
get O
what O
you O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
yr O
answers O
is O
not O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
couldn O
you O
please O
again O
clarify O
what O
you O
have O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
explains O
me O
about O
what O
you O
have O
said O
once O
again O
please O
. O
general_explain

s6 O
, O
i O
was O
not O
clear O
about O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
explains O
me O
on O
your O
answer O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
pleads O
explain O
me O
further O
on O
what O
you O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

wnt O
did O
you O
mean O
by O
that O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
ago O
rephrase O
your O
answer O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
wig O
you O
elaborate O
me O
about O
that O
once O
again O
. O
general_explain

cook O
not O
understand O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
elbert O
me O
on O
this O
once O
again O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
clarified O
me O
on O
it O
further O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
i O
am O
not O
clear O
about O
this O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
wool O
you O
further O
explain O
me O
about O
your O
response O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
wig O
you O
further O
explain O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
explained O
me O
about O
the O
last O
sentence O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

yr O
response O
was O
not O
clear O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
replays O
this O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
do O
nit O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

your O
answered O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
replays O
once O
again O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

watt O
you O
said O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

wnt O
you O
just O
said O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

i O
am O
unless O
about O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
wouldn O
you O
again O
clarify O
me O
on O
it O
please O
. O
general_explain

clarify O
last O
sentenced O
once O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

wool O
you O
clarify O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
elbert O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
cul O
not O
quite O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

than O
is O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
i O
couldn O
't O
get O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

can O
you O
adair O
rephrase O
me O
on O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

plea O
once O
again O
clarify O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
explain O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

sé O
, O
i O
don O
't O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

once O
again O
replays O
me O
on O
what O
you O
've O
said O
. O
general_explain

cul O
you O
again O
rephrase O
me O
about O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
elbert O
further O
on O
your O
answers O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

again O
clarified O
me O
on O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

once O
again O
explained O
it O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

explained O
further O
on O
last O
sentence O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
pleased O
will O
you O
rephrase O
further O
on O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

plead O
could O
you O
clarify O
more O
on O
it O
. O
general_explain

wt O
you O
have O
just O
said O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

wilt O
you O
please O
clarify O
again O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
couldn O
not O
get O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
wouldn O
you O
further O
elaborate O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s3 O
, O
i O
did O
not O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

i O
dvd O
not O
quite O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

please O
clarifies O
me O
more O
on O
what O
you O
just O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

s O
, O
i O
do O
not O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

do O
not O
understood O
what O
you O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

clan O
't O
get O
what O
you O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
replays O
me O
about O
your O
answers O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
pleased O
once O
again O
elaborate O
me O
about O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s8 O
, O
i O
could O
not O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
replays O
me O
more O
on O
what O
you O
have O
just O
said O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
wat O
you O
said O
now O
is O
not O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
clarifies O
me O
further O
on O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

your O
answered O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

than O
's O
good O
one O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
hat O
done O
it O
correctly O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

itf O
's O
helpful O
, O
. O
general_praise

you O
haque O
done O
it O
right O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

thang O
you O
for O
the O
response O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

yaw O
are O
so O
smart O
. O
general_praise

goods O
work O
, O
you O
did O
well O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

asan O
work O
, O
you O
've O
done O
well O
. O
general_praise

fanatic O
work O
, O
you O
've O
done O
well O
. O
general_praise

you O
did O
fanatic O
job O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

i O
appreciating O
it O
, O
it O
's O
awesome O
. O
general_praise

tat O
is O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

thanked O
for O
answer O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
's O
ufa O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
've O
dinh O
that O
right O
i O
appreciate O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
was O
useless O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

you O
are O
stara O
, O
thank O
you O
. O
general_praise

yn O
are O
so O
helpful O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

yeh O
did O
awesome O
work O
, O
. O
general_praise

ya O
are O
the O
best O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

ah O
that O
was O
good O
one O
. O
general_praise

you O
've O
donn O
it O
correctly O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thinks O
for O
doing O
that O
. O
general_praise

that O
was O
hopeful O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

you O
rocks O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
's O
perak O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

yeh O
are O
my O
star O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

thank O
for O
that O
information O
. O
general_praise

than O
's O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

that O
's O
prefect O
work O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

than O
's O
good O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
you O
for O
your O
answers O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

is O
appreciate O
your O
helps O
. O
general_praise

i O
appreciated O
it O
, O
that O
was O
great O
one O
. O
general_praise

wondering O
job O
, O
you O
have O
done O
well O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

tank O
you O
so O
much O
for O
answers O
. O
general_praise

it O
was O
nite O
one O
, O
thank O
you O
. O
general_praise

ah O
that O
was O
amazing O
job O
. O
general_praise

it O
was O
coupe O
, O
thank O
you O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

o2 O
it O
's O
fantastic O
. O
general_praise

that O
's O
prefect O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

that O
's O
extant O
, O
thanks O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

it O
was O
coos O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

that O
was O
useless O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

o2 O
it O
's O
perfect O
work O
. O
general_praise

it O
's O
coon O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

id O
's O
useful O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

oy O
that O
's O
perfect O
job O
. O
general_praise

is O
appreciate O
your O
helping O
. O
general_praise

you O
hag O
done O
it O
correctly O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
did O
wonders O
work O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

ya O
rock O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

itn O
's O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

thang O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

you O
are O
start O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

tanks O
for O
doing O
that O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
's O
helpless O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
've O
donn O
that O
right O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
for O
remind O
me O
of O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

you O
are O
asan O
, O
thank O
you O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

think O
you O
so O
much O
for O
your O
asssistance O
. O
general_praise

itm O
is O
cool O
, O
. O
general_praise

ya O
are O
so O
helpful O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

than O
is O
great O
one O
. O
general_praise

ah O
it O
's O
awesome O
job O
. O
general_praise

yaw O
are O
awesome O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

you O
've O
donn O
that O
right O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thang O
you O
very O
much O
for O
your O
answer O
. O
general_praise

you O
hash O
done O
it O
right O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

than O
's O
cool O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
you O
very O
much O
for O
doing O
that O
. O
general_praise

tat O
's O
helpful O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

it O
is O
god O
job O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

it O
was O
wonder O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

ya O
are O
my O
hero O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

than O
was O
cool O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

yeh O
are O
my O
hero O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

