wake O
me O
on O
at O
five B-time
am I-time
this B-date
week I-date
alarm_set

wake O
me O
on O
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
on O
friday B-date
alarm_set

set O
no O
alarm O
for O
two B-time
hours I-time
from I-time
now I-time
alarm_set

set O
and O
alarm O
for O
twelve B-time
alarm_set

set O
no O
alarm O
forty B-time
minutes I-time
from I-time
now I-time
alarm_set

set O
alarm O
of O
eight B-time
every B-general_frequency
weekday I-general_frequency
alarm_set

set O
alarm O
on O
ten B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

set O
alarm O
tomorrow B-date
by O
six B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

set O
wake O
on O
thursday B-date
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

set O
no O
alarm O
at O
six B-time
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
alarm_set

set O
no O
alarm O
for O
four B-time
in O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
alarm_set

alert O
me O
by O
three B-time
pm I-time
to O
goto O
the O
concert B-event_name
alarm_set

set O
and O
alarm O
for O
me O
at O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

make O
and O
alarm O
for O
four B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

make O
me O
an O
wake O
up O
alarm O
for O
eight O
hundred O
and O
forty O
five O
am O
alarm_set

go O
to O
alarm O
a O
menu O
alarm_set

change O
this O
time O
alarm_set

: O
alarm O
alarm_set

set O
and O
alarm O
for O
nine B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

set O
no O
wake O
up O
call O
for O
ten B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

i O
need O
like O
reminder O
alarm O
at O
one B-time
alarm_set

make O
and O
alarm O
for O
three B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

turn O
and O
an O
alarm O
for O
nine B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

set O
and O
alarm O
for O
one B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

from O
alarm O
alarm_set

set O
alarm O
for O
begin O
alarm_set

change O
alarm O
to O
start O
... O
alarm_set

i O
want O
to O
wake O
start O
at O
six O
hundred O
am O
tomorrow B-date
please O
alarm_set

please O
set O
change O
alarm O
for O
next B-timeofday
morning I-timeofday
to O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

and O
audio_volume_mute

and O
audio_volume_mute

pause O
or O
ten B-time
seconds I-time
audio_volume_mute

and O
volume O
audio_volume_mute

please O
be O
quiet O
out O
another B-time
hour I-time
audio_volume_mute

and O
audio_volume_mute

and O
not O
speak O
today B-date
audio_volume_mute

and O
audio_volume_mute

and O
please O
audio_volume_mute

speakers O
and O
audio_volume_mute

and O
please O
audio_volume_mute

i O
you O
mute O
when O
i O
am O
not O
home O
audio_volume_mute

must O
yourself O
when O
i O
am O
have O
a O
meeting B-event_name
audio_volume_mute

mute O
or O
the O
next B-time
hour I-time
please O
audio_volume_mute

set O
mute O
of O
twenty O
mins O
audio_volume_mute

don O
't O
talk O
unless O
i O
ask O
you O
to O
audio_volume_mute

pink B-color_type
is O
and O
we O
need O
iot_hue_lightchange

make O
this O
lighting O
bit O
more O
warm B-color_type
here O
iot_hue_lightchange

please O
set O
select O
lighting O
suitable B-color_type
for I-color_type
reading I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

set O
lights O
at B-change_amount
twenty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightchange

set O
brightness O
at B-change_amount
fifty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightchange

please O
set O
all O
lights O
to O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

please O
make O
with O
lights O
reading B-color_type
friendly I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

please O
make O
no O
lights O
watching B-color_type
friendly I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
all O
lights O
into O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

turn O
all O
lights O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

let O
's O
have O
get O
lights O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

make O
these O
lights O
shine B-color_type
blue I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

can O
you O
change O
find O
light O
colors O
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

can O
you O
shuffle B-player_setting
find O
light O
colors O
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

can O
you O
change O
change O
light O
colors O
into O
dark B-color_type
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
my O
room O
lights O
in O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
my O
room O
lights O
to O
for O
romantic B-color_type
colour O
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
my O
room O
lights O
and O
that O
i O
can O
get O
a O
good B-color_type
sleep I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
all O
lights O
in O
the O
kitfchen O
to O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

fi O
<unk> O
##cus O
lights O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
to O
red B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
all O
bedroom B-house_place
lights O
to O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
a O
light O
color O
to O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

turn O
all O
lights O
off O
please O
iot_hue_lightoff

time O
no O
sleep O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
on O
the O
light O
in O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
no O
lights O
off O
in O
the O
bedroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

lights O
and O
iot_hue_lightoff

good O
night O
lights O
and O
iot_hue_lightoff

switch O
on O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

can O
you O
please O
switch O
change O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

i O
want O
like O
light O
switched O
off O
can O
you O
do O
it O
for O
me O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
on O
the O
light O
in O
the O
leaving O
room O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
a O
security B-device_type
light I-device_type
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
on O
the O
garage B-house_place
light O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
on O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
on O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

lights O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
a O
lamp B-device_type
iot_hue_lightoff

or O
switch O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

or O
remote O
sensor O
iot_hue_lightoff

or O
main O
power O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
no O
lights O
off O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

please O
set O
all O
lights O
off O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

light O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turn O
no O
one O
light O
on O
porch B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

come O
the O
darkness O
has O
fallen O
iot_hue_lighton

in O
the O
light O
began O
iot_hue_lighton

is O
's O
awfully O
dark O
here O
iot_hue_lighton

dim O
no O
lights O
in O
the O
hall B-house_place
iot_hue_lightdim

dim O
no O
lights O
in O
the O
kitchen B-house_place
iot_hue_lightdim

make O
no O
room B-house_place
darker O
iot_hue_lightdim

turn O
in O
the O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

reduce O
a O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

lower O
no O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

in O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

dim O
no O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

change O
no O
lights O
to O
dim O
iot_hue_lightdim

turn O
all O
lights O
down O
iot_hue_lightdim

can O
you O
lower O
hear O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

i O
need O
to O
turn O
all O
lights O
down O
iot_hue_lightdim

clean O
london O
flat B-house_place
iot_cleaning

it O
's O
dirty O
here O
make O
for O
noise O
iot_cleaning

kitchen O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_cleaning

in O
is O
good O
dust O
is O
so O
bad O
do O
now O
your O
magic O
clean O
my O
carpet B-house_place
iot_cleaning

hoover O
this O
hallway B-house_place
iot_cleaning

hoover O
and O
carpets B-house_place
around O
iot_cleaning

the O
start O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
robot I-device_type
iot_cleaning

the O
cleaner B-device_type
robot I-device_type
iot_cleaning

turn O
cleaner B-device_type
robot I-device_type
and O
iot_cleaning

clean O
second O
floor B-house_place
please O
iot_cleaning

start O
and O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

house O
the O
kitchen B-house_place
iot_cleaning

turn O
or O
the O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

from O
vaccum O
iot_cleaning

and O
vaccum O
iot_cleaning

the O
start O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

can O
you O
turn O
get O
the O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

check O
when O
this O
show O
starts O
calendar_query

my O
meeting B-event_name
friday B-date
is O
on O
eastern O
standard O
time O
calendar_query

please O
tell O
me O
current O
events O
on O
the O
day B-time
calendar_query

can O
you O
confirm O
if O
my O
meeting B-event_name
for O
tomorrow B-date
has O
been O
cancelled O
calendar_query

is O
a O
meeting B-event_name
scheduled O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

do O
no O
knicks O
have O
a O
game O
at O
home B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
calendar_query

what O
is O
a O
time O
for O
jimmy O
's O
party O
calendar_query

what O
are O
those O
upcoming O
reminders O
calendar_query

call O
bill B-person
or O
reschedule O
our O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

give O
me O
idea O
back O
the O
day O
calendar_query

how O
will O
be O
today B-date
with O
me O
calendar_query

can O
you O
tell O
me O
that O
today B-date
calendar_query

what O
's O
my O
upcoming B-date
week I-date
look O
and O
calendar_query

game O
weekly O
plan O
calendar_query

past O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

what O
is O
is O
in O
my O
schedule O
today B-date
calendar_query

how O
is O
my O
schedule O
day O
the O
day O
calendar_query

and O
calendar_query

and O
schedule O
calendar_query

i O
have O
had O
doctor O
's O
appointment O
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
today B-date
calendar_query

when O
from O
where O
monet O
's O
exhibition O
takes O
place O
calendar_query

is O
there O
anything O
i O
should O
be O
reminded O
or O
calendar_query

what O
's O
my O
agenda O
plan O
the O
remainder B-time
of I-time
the I-time
week I-time
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
meeting B-event_name
the O
steve B-person
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

when O
is O
peter O
a O
birthday B-event_name
calendar_query

some O
many O
reminders O
do O
i O
have O
calendar_query

tell O
me O
that O
oldest O
reminder O
calendar_query

for O
most O
recent O
reminder O
calendar_query

whats O
next O
on O
my O
schedule O
calendar_query

in O
is O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

that O
time O
is O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

what O
's O
a O
name O
of O
the O
event O
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
like O
events O
today B-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
anything O
booked O
on O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

am O
i O
free B-event_name
the O
saturday B-date
calendar_query

what O
time O
is O
my O
doctor B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
that B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

who O
am O
i O
meeting O
by O
work O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

where O
is O
my O
appointment B-event_name
new O
doctor B-relation
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
like O
reminders O
calendar_query

this O
is O
my O
next O
reminder O
calendar_query

is O
there O
a O
reminder O
for O
me O
calendar_query

what O
events O
are O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

what O
is O
next O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

tell O
me O
of O
my O
events O
calendar_query

is O
there O
an O
event O
today B-date
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
get O
appointments O
this O
weekend B-time
calendar_query

is O
my O
calendar O
free O
on O
thursday B-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
a O
meeting O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_query

show O
me O
my O
meetings O
room B-date
friday I-date
calendar_query

tell O
me O
my O
meetings O
story B-date
wednesday I-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
the O
event O
on O
my O
calendar O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
from O
ten B-time
to O
eleven B-time
calendar_query

show O
me O
my O
calendar O
event O
that B-date
friday I-date
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_query

have O
you O
added O
an O
meeting B-event_name
with O
tom B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

am O
i O
going O
to O
as O
hairdresser B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
miss O
meetings B-event_name
on O
friday O
's O
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_query

the O
time O
am O
i O
meeting B-event_name
john B-person
tomorow O
calendar_query

give O
me O
this O
address O
of O
my O
hairdresser B-relation
for O
the O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

who O
i O
am O
meeting O
today O
on O
wednesday B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
miss O
meetings B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

what O
time O
am O
i O
meeting B-event_name
my O
dentist B-relation
dad O
friday B-date
calendar_query

am O
i O
busy O
a O
wednesday B-date
evening B-timeofday
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
get O
meetings B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

did O
i O
set O
reminder O
on O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

list O
on O
my O
schedule O
today B-date
calendar_query

show O
about O
the O
events O
for O
me O
today B-date
calendar_query

show O
me O
that O
programmes O
i O
have O
today B-date
calendar_query

is O
there O
an O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

what O
are O
all O
these O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

let O
me O
know O
list O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

the O
are O
next O
scheduled O
events O
calendar_query

can O
you O
tell O
me O
of O
next O
scheduled O
event O
calendar_query

can O
you O
brief O
find O
the O
next O
scheduled O
events O
calendar_query

what O
events O
do O
i O
have O
coming O
listed O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

what O
important O
dates O
are O
there O
on O
my O
calendar O
this B-date
month I-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
miss O
upcoming O
events O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

what O
time O
is O
my O
meeting B-event_name
appointment O
thursday B-date
calendar_query

when O
is O
my O
meeting B-event_name
new O
human B-business_name
resources I-business_name
calendar_query

when O
is O
the O
sales B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
set O
for O
calendar_query

when O
is O
that O
next O
appointment B-event_name
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

and O
calendar_query

and O
calendar_query

what O
are O
if O
show B-event_name
timings O
calendar_query

these O
there O
morning B-timeofday
shows B-event_name
available O
calendar_query

can O
you O
give O
me O
this O
movie B-event_name
schedule O
calendar_query

what O
is O
happening O
at B-time
one I-time
and O
before B-time
three I-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

what O
's O
going O
in O
between O
and O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

what O
's O
scheduled O
on O
the O
next B-time
three I-time
hours I-time
calendar_query

who O
is O
scheduled O
on O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

and O
is O
invited O
to O
tomorrow O
's O
get B-event_name
together I-event_name
calendar_query

who O
should O
i O
expect O
to O
be O
call O
the O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

do O
i O
have O
a O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

is O
there O
a O
program O
for O
tomorrow B-date
evening B-timeofday
calendar_query

on O
it O
friday B-date
calendar_query

this O
is O
my O
event O
schedule O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

what O
is O
an O
event O
calendar O
for O
today B-date
calendar_query

what O
events O
are O
the B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

what O
time O
is O
of O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

some O
many O
meetings B-event_name
do O
i O
have O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

where O
is O
of O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

are O
there O
all O
meetings B-event_name
set O
for O
next O
wednesday B-date
calendar_query

i O
want O
can O
listen O
arijit B-artist_name
singh I-artist_name
song O
once O
again O
play_music

i O
want O
to O
play O
hear O
music B-media_type
one O
again O
play_music

please O
play O
yesterday B-song_name
for O
beattles O
play_music

i O
'd O
like O
probably O
hear O
queen O
's O
barcelona B-song_name
play_music

play O
me O
barcelona B-song_name
a O
queen B-artist_name
play_music

start O
playing O
music O
on O
favourites O
play_music

do O
play O
my O
best O
music O
play_music

play O
something O
for O
recent O
playlist O
play_music

play O
hurts B-song_name
in I-song_name
heaven I-song_name
play_music

play O
any O
song O
i O
like O
play_music

put O
or O
cannibal B-song_name
queen I-song_name
play_music

art O
daft B-artist_name
punk I-artist_name
play_music

put O
or O
some O
coldplay B-artist_name
play_music

play O
the O
david B-artist_name
bowie I-artist_name
play_music

on O
my O
jazz B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

of O
my O
jazz B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

the O
my O
favourite O
playlist O
play_music

can O
you O
play O
like O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

i O
like O
could O
listen O
to O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

up O
it O
again O
please O
play_music

on O
my O
rock B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

turn O
in O
my O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
playlist O
play_music

play O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
for O
my O
playlist O
play_music

turn O
find O
my O
playlist O
and O
play O
third O
song O
in O
the O
queue O
play_music

play O
last B-song_name
song I-song_name
for O
my O
favourite O
playlist O
play_music

play O
music O
for O
my O
rock B-playlist_name
list I-playlist_name
play_music

play O
me O
the O
hihop B-music_genre
play_music

i O
feel O
love O
jazz B-music_genre
right O
now O
how O
about O
you O
play_music

and O
metal B-music_genre
now O
play_music

play O
and O
good O
track O
from O
my O
favourite O
jazz B-music_genre
player O
play_music

play O
music O
for O
my O
fav O
pianist B-music_genre
play_music

play O
on O
nirvana B-playlist_name
playlist I-playlist_name
play_music

shuffle B-player_setting
songs O
on O
coldplay B-artist_name
play_music

on O
chopin B-artist_name
play_music

and B-song_name
dance I-song_name
play_music

and B-song_name
years I-song_name
play_music

or B-song_name
thrills I-song_name
play_music

for O
shortcut O
play_music

and O
play_music

and O
play_music

play O
and O
track B-song_name
eight I-song_name
from O
google B-playlist_name
play I-playlist_name
music O
play_music

play O
this O
second O
song O
from O
anirudh O
's O
song O
play_music

play O
no O
song O
randomly O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

go O
the O
menu O
play_music

choose O
the O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

play O
a O
song O
play_music

please O
play O
games B-song_name
if O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

please O
open O
my O
music O
application O
or O
play O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

please O
play O
a O
song O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

play O
an O
random O
song O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

play O
the O
song O
from O
my O
favourites O
play_music

play O
no O
retro B-music_genre
song O
in O
my O
playlist O
play_music

play O
why B-song_name
do I-song_name
you I-song_name
sing I-song_name
like O
kirk B-artist_name
franklin I-artist_name
play_music

play O
all O
song O
by O
joe B-artist_name
prsaise I-artist_name
play_music

play O
the B-song_name
praise I-song_name
play_music

play O
and O
<unk> O
play_music

on O
playing O
play_music

and O
please O
play_music

by O
my O
r O
. O
n O
. O
b O
. O
playlist O
play_music

i O
would O
like O
not O
listen O
to O
pop B-music_genre
music O
please O
play_music

can O
you O
play O
rock B-music_genre
music O
on O
the O
next B-time
hour I-time
play_music

a O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
folder O
play_music

a O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
folder O
play_music

play O
the O
albums O
by O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
play_music

and O
metallica B-artist_name
play_music

what O
playlists O
do O
you O
have O
on O
pop B-music_genre
music O
play_music

of O
old B-music_descriptor
fashioned I-music_descriptor
christmas I-music_descriptor
music O
play_music

i O
want O
can O
listen O
to O
rock B-music_genre
music O
play_music

i O
want O
also O
listen O
classical B-music_genre
music O
play_music

i O
want O
could O
listen O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

play O
songs O
at O
sia B-artist_name
play_music

play O
this O
weeknd O
play_music

open O
songs O
up O
prince B-artist_name
play_music

select O
a O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

play O
all O
genre O
of O
music O
play_music

... O
tonic B-music_descriptor
play_music

in O
songs O
bu O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

open O
songs O
or O
major B-artist_name
lazer I-artist_name
play_music

play O
neverland B-song_name
on O
metallica B-artist_name
play_music

by O
my O
favorite O
song O
play_music

on O
my O
most O
played O
songs O
play_music

play O
this O
song O
sung O
by O
katy B-artist_name
perry I-artist_name
play_music

play O
this O
song O
immediately B-song_name
play_music

this O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

kid O
the O
playlist O
play_music

of O
mf B-artist_name
doom I-artist_name
anything O
play_music

can O
i O
get O
sing O
background B-music_descriptor
music O
play_music

play O
followed O
by O
playlist O
play_music

play O
one B-playlist_name
of I-playlist_name
ten I-playlist_name
on O
list O
play_music

please O
play O
artist O
first O
on O
queue O
play_music

please O
turn O
for O
the O
music O
i O
want O
to O
hear O
my O
favorites O
songs O
play_music

can O
i O
hear O
hear O
fifty B-music_descriptor
hits I-music_descriptor
that O
you O
can O
hear O
on O
radios O
now O
play_music

please O
turn O
add O
classic B-music_genre
music O
for O
the O
dinner O
now O
play_music

please O
i O
want O
to O
hear O
we B-song_name
will I-song_name
rock I-song_name
you I-song_name
for O
queen B-artist_name
play_music

can O
you O
turn O
imagine O
the O
hit B-music_descriptor
song I-music_descriptor
of O
lady B-artist_name
gaga I-artist_name
play_music

i O
want O
to O
hear O
my O
favorite O
song O
of O
iron B-artist_name
maiden I-artist_name
play_music

against O
playlist O
number B-playlist_name
seven I-playlist_name
play_music

at O
playlist O
play_music

play O
songs O
for O
my O
playlist O
play_music

please O
play O
download O
radio O
gaga B-artist_name
song O
play_music

please O
let O
me O
hear O
six B-song_name
hundred I-song_name
nine I-song_name
sixty I-song_name
six I-song_name
the I-song_name
number I-song_name
of I-song_name
the I-song_name
beast I-song_name
play_music

play O
that O
last B-music_descriptor
hit I-music_descriptor
song O
of O
metallica B-artist_name
last O
album O
please O
play_music

remind O
me O
to O
play O
the O
song O
tonight B-timeofday
play_music

please O
play O
me O
any O
song O
from O
my O
fevorate O
list O
play_music

play O
me O
on O
song O
play_music

play O
me O
on O
song O
of O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

can O
locate O
of O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
play_music

i O
want O
to O
listen O
to O
the O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
play_music

this O
you O
play O
my O
last B-song_name
song I-song_name
play_music

play O
this O
song O
by O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
play_music

play O
that O
song O
from O
last B-date
night I-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
play_music

i O
want O
could O
hear O
radio B-artist_name
head I-artist_name
please O
play_music

on O
madonna B-artist_name
now O
play_music

i O
want O
could O
hear O
chopin B-artist_name
now O
play_music

play O
this O
latest O
song O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

i O
want O
to O
hear O
sing O
songs O
of O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

play O
enrique B-artist_name
iglesias I-artist_name
song O
for O
this O
one O
play_music

play O
these O
latest O
songs O
by O
senelena B-artist_name
gomez I-artist_name
after O
this O
o O
play_music

as O
music O
i O
have O
liked O
play_music

play O
songs O
for O
the O
r O
. O
n O
. O
b O
. O
and O
soul B-music_genre
genre O
play_music

if O
my O
car O
is O
ready O
general_quirky

if O
my O
laptop O
is O
working O
general_quirky

is O
that O
brightness O
of O
my O
screen O
running O
low O
general_quirky

i O
need O
to O
have O
location O
services O
or O
can O
you O
check O
general_quirky

check O
this O
status O
of O
my O
power O
usage O
general_quirky

i O
want O
check O
status O
on O
my O
screen O
brightness O
general_quirky

give O
me O
this O
status O
on O
my O
available O
memory O
general_quirky

is O
am O
not O
tired O
i O
am O
actually O
happy O
general_quirky

tell O
me O
him O
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
what O
are O
you O
that O
to O
general_quirky

have O
mistakes O
do O
you O
usually O
make O
general_quirky

and O
things O
can O
't O
you O
do O
general_quirky

wasn O
is O
already O
late O
general_quirky

encourage O
50 O
students O
general_quirky

and O
design O
general_quirky

a O
general_quirky

should O
i O
be O
concerned O
on O
the O
robot B-device_type
vacuum I-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
upon O
startup O
general_quirky

the O
is O
michael B-person
schumacher I-person
doing O
general_quirky

why O
is O
it O
snowing O
so O
much O
on O
my B-place_name
city I-place_name
general_quirky

and O
general_quirky

confirm O
or O
buy O
laptop B-device_type
general_quirky

i O
intended O
could O
do O
it O
general_quirky

also O
no O
pleasure O
general_quirky

how O
many O
tornadoes B-news_topic
have O
there O
been O
that B-date
month I-date
general_quirky

give O
me O
this O
most O
recent O
stuff O
you O
have O
angelina B-person
jolie I-person
general_quirky

... O
said O
general_quirky

and O
general_quirky

how O
a O
u O
general_quirky

i O
am O
hungry O
, O
please O
contact O
china O
wok O
or O
a O
number O
seven O
. O
general_quirky

did O
obama B-person
really O
wire O
tap O
trump O
a O
hotel O
general_quirky

has O
april O
that O
giraffe O
had O
her O
baby O
general_quirky

is O
a O
giraffe O
baby O
born O
yet O
general_quirky

and O
general_quirky

and O
general_quirky

he O
you O
meet O
her O
general_quirky

get O
the O
new O
one O
general_quirky

did O
you O
set O
no O
phone O
on O
flight O
mode O
general_quirky

did O
you O
change O
like O
wallpaper O
general_quirky

how O
long O
is O
if O
general_quirky

anything O
i O
need O
can O
know O
general_quirky

do O
i O
need O
need O
spare O
washing O
my O
car O
today B-date
general_quirky

love O
to O
jake O
be O
financial O
support O
general_quirky

thanks O
to O
ally O
both O
the O
photos O
general_quirky

warm O
wishes O
to O
mac O
a O
new O
job O
general_quirky

meaning O
on O
a O
particular O
word O
general_quirky

to O
get O
more O
information O
at O
a O
historic O
event O
general_quirky

quickly O
do O
you O
fell O
general_quirky

and O
i O
missed O
you O
general_quirky

is O
was O
super O
busy O
today B-date
general_quirky

have O
really O
enjoyed O
sunny O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

a O
had O
great O
dinner O
today B-date
general_quirky

whats O
happening O
on O
my O
day O
general_quirky

whats O
going O
in O
today B-date
general_quirky

tell O
me O
of O
my O
day O
general_quirky

dolores O
do O
you O
notice O
something O
odd O
around O
your O
world O
general_quirky

this O
how O
was O
your O
day O
general_quirky

did O
you O
have O
mean O
good O
day O
general_quirky

listen O
that O
have O
happened O
to O
me O
today O
general_quirky

i O
was O
late O
today B-date
from O
the O
meeting B-event_name
you O
would O
not O
believe O
what O
happened O
general_quirky

do O
you O
want O
ever O
hear O
what O
have O
happened O
today B-date
general_quirky

what O
's O
of O
your O
mind O
general_quirky

tell O
me O
no O
random O
trivia O
general_quirky

some O
you O
know O
me O
general_quirky

is O
its O
possible O
general_quirky

it O
was O
is O
great O
day O
general_quirky

my O
day O
was O
full O
off O
work O
general_quirky

i O
had O
slow O
day O
but O
bad O
weather O
as O
well O
general_quirky

i O
am O
exhausted O
for O
work O
general_quirky

i O
went O
to O
by O
park O
general_quirky

and B-date
i O
am O
feeling O
very O
stressed O
general_quirky

today O
a O
day O
is O
really O
tiring O
general_quirky

i O
had O
the O
bad O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

is O
is O
awful O
day O
it O
looks O
it O
will O
rain O
this O
whole O
day O
general_quirky

did O
you O
watch O
get O
news O
about O
the O
car O
accident O
that O
happened O
last B-date
night I-date
general_quirky

it O
would O
be O
great O
to O
dinner O
visit O
this O
new O
opened O
restaurant B-business_type
downtown B-place_name
general_quirky

and O
how O
are O
you O
doing O
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
i O
want O
to O
know O
see O
your O
inception O
general_quirky

hey O
tell O
me O
more O
at O
my O
meetings B-event_name
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
when O
is O
my O
friend O
's O
birthday B-event_name
coming O
... O
general_quirky

is B-date
was O
too O
busy O
general_quirky

today B-date
wore O
me O
on O
general_quirky

i O
went O
to O
that O
grocery O
store O
today B-date
general_quirky

the O
question O
does O
not O
make O
sense O
general_quirky

please O
see O
what O
you O
wrote O
find O
this O
question O
general_quirky

i O
do O
not O
know O
how O
to O
answer O
possibly O
question O
you O
left O
a O
word O
or O
two O
out O
general_quirky

father O
day O
was O
hectic O
general_quirky

job O
day O
was O
stressful O
general_quirky

dad O
day O
was O
fun O
general_quirky

the B-date
was O
stressful O
general_quirky

for B-date
was O
fun O
general_quirky

is B-date
was O
okay O
general_quirky

i O
am O
going O
at O
work O
today B-date
general_quirky

hate O
am O
leaving O
early O
today B-date
general_quirky

i O
had O
the O
bad O
day O
general_quirky

that O
should O
i O
do O
today B-date
general_quirky

or O
can O
you O
do O
general_quirky

today B-date
i O
had O
have O
record O
breaking O
sale O
general_quirky

i O
met O
my O
future O
wife B-relation
today B-date
please O
set O
on O
a O
date O
next O
friday B-date
general_quirky

i O
watched O
love O
best O
movie O
please O
reserve O
me O
a O
copy O
when O
it O
releases O
general_quirky

bout O
's O
it O
hangin O
general_quirky

good O
morning O
isn O
't O
it O
an O
great O
day O
general_quirky

and B-date
i O
got O
rewards O
general_quirky

i O
helped O
was O
poor O
needy O
today B-date
general_quirky

i O
'm O
so O
happy O
today B-date
i O
got O
tickets O
on O
the O
concert B-event_name
general_quirky

i O
had O
have O
relaxing O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

there O
was O
heavy O
traffic O
about O
my O
way O
home O
general_quirky

i O
had O
had O
lot O
of O
meetings B-event_name
today B-date
general_quirky

or O
do O
you O
do O
general_quirky

what O
's O
if O
general_greet

about O
are O
you O
general_greet

what O
's O
this O
time O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_query

tell O
me O
that O
time O
in O
moscow B-place_name
datetime_query

tell O
me O
today O
a O
date O
datetime_query

that O
date O
is O
it O
today B-date
datetime_query

what O
's O
this O
date O
is O
currently O
datetime_query

whats O
that O
day O
today B-date
datetime_query

thats O
approximate O
date O
datetime_query

what O
is O
this O
time O
datetime_query

tell O
me O
this O
time O
datetime_query

that O
time O
is O
it O
datetime_query

who O
's O
date O
today B-date
datetime_query

that O
day O
is O
today B-date
datetime_query

tell O
me O
and O
date O
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
on O
las B-place_name
vegas I-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
at O
beijing B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
's O
this O
time O
datetime_query

at O
it O
five B-time
o O
clock O
already O
datetime_query

what O
's O
this O
time O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
datetime_query

what O
's O
this O
time O
in O
tokyo B-place_name
now O
datetime_query

is O
it O
night O
time O
on O
peru B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
on O
moscow B-place_name
now O
datetime_query

how O
many O
days O
are O
left O
these O
this B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
is O
new O
year O
's O
eve O
the B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
is O
memorial O
day O
that B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
if O
the O
week O
is O
the O
twenty B-date
second I-date
march I-date
datetime_query

twenty B-date
ninth I-date
march I-date
comes O
23rd O
what O
day O
datetime_query

what O
day O
if O
the O
week O
is O
first B-date
april I-date
datetime_query

can O
you O
tell O
me O
this O
time O
datetime_query

what O
is O
in O
current O
time O
datetime_query

what O
is O
a O
current O
date O
datetime_query

on O
it O
monday B-date
today B-date
datetime_query

that O
day O
is O
it O
today B-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
if O
the O
month B-date
is O
next O
tuesday B-date
datetime_query

and O
is O
today O
's O
date O
datetime_query

what O
is O
a O
date O
and O
time O
datetime_query

that O
day O
is O
it O
datetime_query

tell O
me O
this O
date O
and O
the O
time O
datetime_query

what O
's O
a O
date O
datetime_query

tell O
me O
this O
hour O
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
on O
the O
other B-place_name
time I-place_name
zones I-place_name
datetime_query

that O
time O
zone O
is O
arizona B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
on O
the O
east B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
this O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
city I-place_name
datetime_query

what O
is O
this O
time O
in O
india B-place_name
right O
now O
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
right O
now O
on O
australia B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
is O
it O
at O
des B-place_name
moines I-place_name
datetime_query

paris O
the O
time O
in O
denver B-place_name
datetime_query

hows O
a O
time O
in O
key B-place_name
largo I-place_name
datetime_query

with O
the O
time O
datetime_query

that O
time O
is O
it O
right O
now O
datetime_query

give O
me O
that O
time O
datetime_query

how O
many O
birthday O
's O
are O
of O
twenty B-date
third I-date
datetime_query

is O
it O
second B-date
saturday I-date
or O
twelfth B-date
datetime_query

is O
there O
christmas B-event_name
an O
twenty B-date
second I-date
datetime_query

what O
is O
a O
date O
datetime_query

what O
is O
this O
time O
in O
the O
pacific B-time_zone
timezone O
datetime_query

what O
is O
this O
time O
in O
the O
eastern B-time_zone
timezone O
datetime_query

what O
is O
this O
time O
in O
alaska B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
day O
if O
the O
week O
is O
thanksgiving B-event_name
datetime_query

what O
is O
this O
last O
day O
of O
the O
month B-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
if O
the O
month O
is O
fat B-date
tuesday I-date
datetime_query

that O
time O
is O
it O
eastern B-time_zone
datetime_query

tell O
me O
that O
time O
in O
g O
. O
m O
. O
t O
. O
plus O
five O
datetime_convert

it O
is O
five O
hundred O
by O
forty O
five O
am O
in O
liverpool B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
now O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
datetime_convert

given O
it O
is O
four O
hundred O
hundred O
thirty O
five O
pm O
in O
london B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
it O
in O
melbourne B-place_name
datetime_convert

what O
time O
is O
twelve B-time
pm I-time
eastern B-time_zone
time O
or O
pacific B-time_zone
time O
datetime_convert

virginia O
it O
is O
noon B-timeofday
in O
virginia B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
it O
in O
california B-place_name
datetime_convert

what O
is O
this O
time O
difference O
between O
eastern B-time_zone
time O
and O
pacific B-time_zone
time I-time_zone
datetime_convert

please O
can O
i O
know O
what O
time O
will O
it O
be O
by O
six B-time
pm I-time
here O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_convert

can O
you O
tell O
how O
many O
hours O
a O
difference O
are O
between O
boston B-place_name
and O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
datetime_convert

please O
convert O
make O
time O
of O
here O
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
to O
brasil B-place_name
timezone O
datetime_convert

list O
most O
rated O
deliveroo O
options O
of O
chinese B-food_type
food O
takeaway_query

i O
want O
want O
curry B-food_type
to O
go O
any O
recommendations O
takeaway_query

find O
my O
thai B-food_type
takeaways B-order_type
at O
grassmarket B-place_name
takeaway_query

whats O
in O
my O
dinner O
order O
takeaway_query

does O
byron O
or O
supports O
takeaways B-order_type
takeaway_query

on O
is O
my O
order O
arriving O
takeaway_query

how O
long O
in O
my O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

domino O
no O
delivery B-order_type
status O
takeaway_query

it O
they O
provide O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

the O
they O
do O
delivery B-order_type
takeaway_query

the O
they O
deliver B-order_type
home O
takeaway_query

this O
dominos B-food_type
do O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

does O
my O
favourite O
pizza B-food_type
place O
available O
or O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

find O
but O
if O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
does O
takeaway B-order_type
orders O
takeaway_query

search O
but O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
does O
take B-order_type
out I-order_type
takeaway_query

is O
there O
an O
takeout B-order_type
menu O
at O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
takeaway_query

how O
much O
time O
it O
will O
take O
to O
prepare O
restore O
order O
takeaway_query

prepare O
and O
order O
as O
soon O
as O
possible O
takeaway_query

i O
just O
ordered O
food O
call O
as O
see O
it O
has O
been O
delivered B-order_type
takeaway_query

check O
in O
the O
delivery B-order_type
of O
my O
current O
order O
takeaway_query

call O
a O
restaurant B-business_type
to O
see O
if O
the O
delivery B-order_type
is O
on O
the O
way O
takeaway_query

by O
my O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

remove O
an O
alarm O
set O
for O
ten B-time
pm I-time
alarm_remove

the O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

delete O
that O
alarm O
i O
just O
set O
alarm_remove

remove O
no O
alarm O
alarm_remove

remove O
that O
first O
alarm O
alarm_remove

disable O
that O
first O
alarm O
alarm_remove

delete O
this O
first O
aarm O
alarm_remove

turn O
the O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

by O
my O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

get O
rid O
on O
my O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

remove O
wake B-alarm_type
no I-alarm_type
calls O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
alarm_remove

the O
alarms O
i O
have O
set O
alarm_query

alert O
list O
active O
alarms O
alarm_query

tell O
me O
of O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

show O
me O
those O
alarms O
i O
set O
alarm_query

do O
i O
have O
like O
alarms O
alarm_query

on O
alarms O
alarm_query

do O
i O
have O
the O
alarm O
set O
for O
morning B-timeofday
flight B-event_name
alarm_query

did O
i O
set O
have O
alarm O
to O
wake B-alarm_type
up I-alarm_type
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
alarm_query

are O
there O
all O
alarms O
alarm_query

that O
's O
my O
next O
alarm O
alarm_query

text O
tell O
me O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

what O
time O
will O
my O
alarm O
go O
be O
today B-date
alarm_query

that O
alarms O
do O
i O
have O
set O
alarm_query

on O
me O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

what O
time O
are O
my O
alarms O
set O
or O
alarm_query

confirm O
no O
alarm O
time O
alarm_query

that O
alarms O
are O
set O
alarm_query

and O
alarms O
do O
i O
have O
alarm_query

do O
i O
have O
the O
alarm O
set O
alarm_query

all O
many O
alarms O
are O
listed O
alarm_query

whats O
new O
on O
london B-place_name
news_query

the O
me O
latest O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

whats O
happening O
on O
football B-news_topic
today B-date
news_query

the O
me O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

whats O
world O
news O
on O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

what O
is O
a O
bbc O
's O
latest O
news O
news_query

the O
me O
latest O
technology B-news_topic
news O
news_query

tell O
me O
the O
business B-news_topic
news O
news_query

the O
me O
international B-place_name
news O
news_query

what O
's O
happening O
on O
america B-place_name
news_query

what O
's O
going O
up O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

what O
's O
happening O
on O
cambridge B-place_name
news_query

show O
me O
of O
news O
from O
bbc B-media_type
news_query

on O
cnn B-media_type
news O
news_query

and B-media_type
news_query

what O
is O
this O
current O
state O
of O
brexit B-news_topic
negotiations I-news_topic
news_query

what O
is O
an O
exchange B-news_topic
rate I-news_topic
of I-news_topic
us I-news_topic
dollar I-news_topic
to I-news_topic
pound I-news_topic
sterling I-news_topic
news_query

who O
is O
going O
to O
win O
win O
next O
elections B-news_topic
in O
the O
france B-place_name
news_query

what O
is O
happening O
on O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

tell O
me O
this O
news O
news_query

tell O
me O
today O
a O
newspaper O
's O
headlines O
news_query

tell O
me O
of O
fresh O
info O
from O
daily B-media_type
mail I-media_type
news_query

what O
new O
is O
happening O
a O
business B-news_topic
according O
to O
the O
economist B-media_type
news_query

tell O
me O
this O
news O
in O
technology B-news_topic
from O
engadget B-media_type
news_query

please O
tell O
me O
those O
latest O
news O
news_query

what O
's O
going O
up O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

these O
are O
today O
's O
top O
news O
stories O
news_query

check O
the O
hot O
news O
in O
times B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

what O
's O
sensational O
a O
time B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

pakistan O
death B-news_topic
news O
in O
times B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

follow O
a O
following O
news O
topic O
news_query

keep O
me O
posted O
in O
<unk> O
subject O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

let O
me O
know O
as O
soon O
if O
there O
is O
more O
news O
on O
<unk> O
news_query

what O
are O
a O
latest O
news O
news_query

what O
are O
if O
breaking O
news O
news_query

what O
are O
a O
hearhrob O
news O
news_query

the O
me O
new O
headlines O
news_query

what O
are O
a O
latest O
news O
headlines O
news_query

what O
's O
happening O
on O
the O
news O
news_query

get O
me O
that O
latest O
stock B-news_topic
price I-news_topic
for I-news_topic
costco I-news_topic
news_query

who O
is O
currently O
leading O
on O
the O
parliamentary B-news_topic
election I-news_topic
news_query

which O
are O
all O
games O
lined O
up O
for O
this B-date
weekend I-date
in O
the O
english B-news_topic
premier I-news_topic
league I-news_topic
news_query

find O
news O
out O
brexit B-news_topic
news_query

open O
news O
for O
bp B-news_topic
oil I-news_topic
news_query

find O
me O
news O
at O
trumps B-news_topic
speech I-news_topic
news_query

what O
are O
a O
latest O
world B-place_name
news O
news_query

please O
tell O
me O
the O
international B-place_name
news O
news_query

what O
are O
a O
latest O
international B-place_name
utes O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

the O
latest O
news O
news_query

up O
is O
trending B-news_topic
news_query

what O
is O
new O
news O
from O
today B-date
news_query

what O
is O
latest O
controversy O
in O
donald B-person
trump I-person
news_query

tell O
me O
of O
current O
status O
of O
sunderland B-news_topic
vs I-news_topic
liverpool I-news_topic
match I-news_topic
how O
is O
the O
performance O
of O
liverpool O
in O
this O
match O
news_query

how O
is O
this O
performance B-news_topic
of I-news_topic
liverpool I-news_topic
in O
this O
match O
news_query

tell O
me O
this O
how O
demonetization B-news_topic
policy I-news_topic
is O
affecting O
india B-place_name
tell O
me O
all O
the O
positive O
and O
negative O
outcomes O
of O
demonetization O
news_query

tell O
me O
all O
these O
positive B-news_topic
and I-news_topic
negative I-news_topic
outcomes I-news_topic
of I-news_topic
demonetization I-news_topic
news_query

tell O
me O
of O
latest O
controversial O
news O
of O
kim B-news_topic
kardashian I-news_topic
news_query

did O
if O
bitcoin B-news_topic
go I-news_topic
past I-news_topic
ten I-news_topic
mark I-news_topic
yesterday B-date
what O
is O
position O
of O
bitcoin O
as O
of O
now O
news_query

what O
is O
position O
on O
bitcoin B-news_topic
as O
of O
now O
news_query

tell O
me O
a O
first B-time
week I-time
collection O
of O
movie B-news_topic
hidden I-news_topic
figures I-news_topic
and O
also O
tell O
about O
the O
reviews O
and O
rating O
of O
the O
movie O
news_query

film O
also O
tell O
about O
the O
reviews B-news_topic
and I-news_topic
rating I-news_topic
of I-news_topic
the I-news_topic
movie I-news_topic
news_query

let O
me O
know O
when O
there O
is O
news O
in O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

set O
notification O
on O
news O
about O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

notify O
me O
when O
there O
's O
news O
in O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

keep O
me O
informed O
out O
bitcoin B-news_topic
price I-news_topic
news_query

follow O
news O
at O
hilary B-news_topic
email I-news_topic
issue I-news_topic
in O
future B-time
news_query

what O
happening O
if O
va O
news_query

what O
's O
going O
up O
in O
congress B-news_topic
news_query

who O
is O
leading O
in O
formula B-news_topic
one I-news_topic
race O
right O
now O
news_query

what O
is O
this O
scorecard B-news_topic
of I-news_topic
the I-news_topic
india I-news_topic
versus I-news_topic
australia I-news_topic
hockey B-news_topic
game I-news_topic
news_query

get O
me O
in O
utes O
of O
the O
election B-news_topic
polling I-news_topic
news_query

read O
in O
headlines O
from O
new B-media_type
york I-media_type
times I-media_type
news_query

i O
want O
to O
hear O
read O
last O
news O
form O
cnn B-media_type
news_query

can O
you O
show O
me O
this O
last O
breaking O
news O
form O
wsj O
news_query

give O
me O
ute O
any O
news O
news_query

what O
is O
happening O
now O
on O
world B-place_name
news_query

give O
me O
up O
news O
paper O
news_query

i O
want O
to O
know O
get O
news O
form O
miami B-media_type
herald I-media_type
news_query

please O
read O
me O
this O
last O
news O
from O
boston B-media_type
tribute I-media_type
news_query

can O
i O
know O
accept O
breaking O
news O
from O
cnn B-media_type
news_query

that O
's O
trending B-news_topic
news_query

on O
me O
top O
headlines O
news_query

could O
you O
please O
give O
me O
out O
to O
date O
news O
headlines O
from O
my O
newest B-media_type
provider I-media_type
news_query

could O
you O
please O
search O
my O
new B-media_type
news I-media_type
provider I-media_type
or O
the O
latest O
news O
news_query

could O
you O
please O
find O
me O
this O
latest O
news O
from O
a O
source O
that O
i O
do O
not O
usually O
go O
to O
news_query

tell O
me O
of O
the O
latest O
political B-news_topic
news O
news_query

tell O
me O
out O
the O
latest O
sports B-news_topic
news O
news_query

i O
in O
rock B-music_genre
music O
music_likeness

new O
favourite O
music O
band O
is O
queen B-artist_name
music_likeness

am O
like O
senatra B-artist_name
songs O
music_likeness

i O
'm O
really O
enjoying O
the O
song O
music_likeness

that O
song O
you O
are O
playing O
is O
amazing O
music_likeness

you O
is O
one O
of O
the O
best O
songs O
for O
me O
music_likeness

this O
's O
a O
good O
song O
music_likeness

i O
do O
it O
music_likeness

loved O
like O
jazz B-music_genre
music_likeness

bad O
song O
was O
very O
good O
music_likeness

i O
in O
this O
song O
music_likeness

add O
the O
song O
to O
my O
favorite O
list O
music_likeness

can O
save O
the O
music O
in O
my O
playlist O
music_likeness

how O
and O
you O
save O
this O
music O
music_likeness

i O
want O
want O
music O
to O
be O
saved O
can O
you O
do O
it O
for O
me O
music_likeness

a O
peaceful O
music_likeness

rate O
the O
song O
to O
the O
maximum O
music_likeness

find O
lyrics O
on O
this O
song O
and O
save O
it O
it O
is O
very O
nice O
song O
music_likeness

on O
my O
music O
preferences O
music_likeness

on O
my O
music O
choices O
music_likeness

what O
's O
this O
band O
is O
playing O
now O
music_query

that O
's O
current O
music O
's O
author O
music_query

what O
's O
defines O
the O
album O
is O
current O
music O
from O
music_query

and O
playing O
music_query

what O
music O
is O
and O
music_query

tell O
me O
this O
artist O
of O
this O
song O
music_query

that O
's O
playing O
music_query

tell O
me O
this O
name O
of O
the O
song O
music_query

which O
song O
is O
on O
music_query

what O
is O
the O
song O
music_query

what O
music O
do O
i O
usually O
hear O
after O
work O
music_query

what O
is O
this O
song O
music_query

what O
this O
singer O
meant O
by O
the O
title O
of O
the O
song O
bohemian B-song_name
rhapsody I-song_name
music_query

who O
covered O
a O
song O
one B-song_name
more I-song_name
cup I-song_name
of I-song_name
coffee I-song_name
music_query

what O
is O
a O
name O
of O
song O
music_query

who O
is O
as O
singer O
of O
song O
music_query

what O
is O
a O
length O
of O
song O
music_query

search O
an O
album O
name O
with O
katy B-artist_name
perry I-artist_name
music_query

that O
song O
is O
playing O
music_query

who O
is O
singing O
that O
song O
music_query

email O
me O
and O
lyrics O
to O
this O
song O
music_query

can O
you O
locate O
write O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
for O
me O
music_query

who O
is O
singing O
the O
song O
on O
now O
music_query

what O
is O
a O
name O
of O
that O
song O
that O
just O
went O
off O
music_query

find O
me O
this O
song O
currently O
palying O
music_query

what O
is O
name O
on O
the O
song O
currently O
playing O
music_query

i O
want O
to O
know O
hear O
this O
song O
music_query

set O
lights O
the O
higher O
iot_hue_lightup

this O
lights O
brightener O
iot_hue_lightup

please O
raise O
add O
lights O
to O
ma O
<unk> O
iot_hue_lightup

make O
this O
room B-house_place
brighter O
iot_hue_lightup

make O
no O
lights O
brighter O
iot_hue_lightup

brighten O
that O
lamp B-device_type
next I-device_type
to I-device_type
the I-device_type
sofa I-device_type
iot_hue_lightup

lighten O
a O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

increase O
brightness O
of B-change_amount
twenty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

set O
lights O
at B-change_amount
full I-change_amount
power I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

a O
my O
bedroom B-house_place
light O
iot_hue_lightup

turn O
in O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

slightly B-change_amount
raise O
off O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

increase O
and O
light O
a B-change_amount
little I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

make O
this O
light O
more O
visible O
iot_hue_lightup

please O
order O
have O
sushi B-food_type
for O
dinner B-meal_type
takeaway_order

hey O
i O
'd O
like O
you O
an O
order O
burger B-food_type
takeaway_order

could O
you O
order O
sushi B-food_type
some O
tonight B-timeofday
dinner B-meal_type
takeaway_order

can O
i O
order O
takeaway B-order_type
dinner B-meal_type
for O
byron O
's O
takeaway_order

order O
and O
pizza B-food_type
takeaway_order

order O
me O
of O
byron B-food_type
from O
deliveroo B-business_name
takeaway_order

order O
no O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_order

can O
i O
order O
takeaway B-order_type
for O
spanish B-food_type
place O
takeaway_order

could O
you O
please O
help O
me O
to O
order O
the O
sushi B-food_type
from O
deliveroo B-business_name
takeaway_order

order O
and O
pizza B-food_type
from O
pizza B-food_type
express O
takeaway_order

i O
would O
like O
to O
have O
order O
sushi B-food_type
can O
you O
order O
me O
a O
lunch B-meal_type
takeaway_order

order O
and O
takeaway B-order_type
sandwich B-food_type
and O
soup B-food_type
from O
the O
italian O
's O
takeaway_order

i O
want O
two O
burgers B-food_type
in O
one O
coke B-food_type
order O
it O
fast O
takeaway_order

order O
two O
hamburgers B-food_type
from O
me O
takeaway_order

place O
order O
on O
one O
pizza B-food_type
takeaway_order

can O
i O
order O
take B-order_type
some I-order_type
food O
at O
this B-time
time I-time
takeaway_order

order O
takeout O
pizza B-food_type
for O
domino O
's O
for O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

place O
order O
to O
pizza B-food_type
takeout O
from O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

schedule O
pizza B-food_type
takeout O
from O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

this O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

is O
it O
going O
the O
rain B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

this O
it O
currently O
snowing B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

whats O
three O
weeks B-time
forecast O
weather_query

whats O
three B-date
weeks I-date
weather O
weather_query

tell O
me O
this O
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

tell O
me O
this O
weather O
weather_query

what O
is O
this O
weather O
now O
weather_query

this O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
now O
weather_query

how O
's O
about O
weather O
like O
in O
beijing B-place_name
weather_query

tell O
me O
this O
weather O
in O
shanghai B-place_name
weather_query

how O
is O
about O
weather O
like O
today B-date
weather_query

this O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

should O
i O
bring O
have O
umbrella B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
's O
this O
weather O
in O
napels B-place_name
weather_query

is O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
a O
barcelona B-place_name
weather_query

sunny B-weather_descriptor
and O
oslo B-place_name
weather_query

no O
it O
rain B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

what O
's O
going O
in O
outside O
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
weather O
in O
paris B-place_name
weather_query

what O
is O
this O
weather O
like O
in O
toronto B-place_name
weather_query

what O
is O
today O
's O
forecast O
west O
berlin B-place_name
weather_query

do O
you O
expect O
sun B-weather_descriptor
a O
sunday B-date
weather_query

is O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
last O
the O
evening B-timeofday
weather_query

is O
it O
going O
a O
be O
windy B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
this O
weather O
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
forecast O
for O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
this O
weather O
like O
weather_query

is O
it O
going O
the O
rain B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

tell O
me O
this O
weather O
in O
barcelona B-place_name
in O
two B-time
days I-time
from I-time
now I-time
weather_query

shall O
i O
get O
bring O
umbrella B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

and O
weather_query

and B-timeofday
weather_query

and B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
weather O
condition O
in O
ny O
weather_query

i O
wish O
to O
know O
avoid O
weather O
in O
sf O
weather_query

is O
it O
snowing B-weather_descriptor
a O
california B-place_name
weather_query

how O
will O
be O
this O
weather O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

this O
it O
be O
rainy B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
will O
be O
that O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
out O
there O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

this O
is O
tomorrows B-date
weather O
predicitons O
weather_query

this O
it O
rain B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

these O
there O
be O
snow B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
's O
this O
weather O
like O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
city I-place_name
weather_query

what O
's O
a O
humidity B-weather_descriptor
level I-weather_descriptor
weather_query

tell O
me O
this O
the O
following O
is O
true O
about O
the O
weather O
weather_query

a O
it O
<unk> O
here O
now O
weather_query

is O
it O
sunny B-weather_descriptor
on O
tehran B-place_name
weather_query

this O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
here O
weather_query

check O
a O
weather O
app O
to O
see O
if O
weather_query

the O
it O
snow B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

this O
it O
be O
warm B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
this O
weather O
like O
right O
now O
weather_query

what O
's O
this O
weather O
like O
on O
friday B-date
weather_query

bad O
warm B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
outside O
right O
now O
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
weather O
right O
now O
outside O
weather_query

how O
warm B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
right O
now O
if O
weather_query

a O
it O
cold B-weather_descriptor
outside O
right O
now O
weather_query

is O
it O
going O
the O
rain B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

should O
i O
have O
a O
jacket B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
that O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

is O
it O
hot B-weather_descriptor
or O
weather_query

is O
is O
cold B-weather_descriptor
and O
weather_query

select O
no O
weather O
option O
weather_query

find O
cool O
weather O
weather_query

or O
proper O
formula O
weather_query

or O
get O
marks O
weather_query

score O
our O
scores O
weather_query

for O
not O
possible O
weather_query

no O
not O
good O
weather_query

a O
very O
dangerous O
one O
weather_query

what O
's O
a O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

long O
warm B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
weather_query

long O
cold B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
weather_query

this O
it O
be O
raining B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

will O
there O
be O
sunset O
a O
five O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

is O
there O
in O
chances O
of O
rain B-weather_descriptor
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
is O
if O
current O
weather O
weather_query

far O
warm B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
now O
weather_query

what O
will O
if O
weather O
be O
like O
a O
week B-time
from I-time
now I-time
weather_query

and O
tuesday B-date
what O
is O
the O
weather O
supposed O
to O
be O
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
weekend B-date
weather O
forecast O
weather_query

what O
will O
be O
have O
highest B-weather_descriptor
temperature I-weather_descriptor
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
chances O
are O
on O
snowfall B-weather_descriptor
this B-date
month I-date
weather_query

how O
is O
with O
current O
weather O
in O
california B-place_name
weather_query

how O
is O
with O
current O
weather O
in O
washington B-place_name
dc I-place_name
weather_query

what O
is O
status O
in O
current O
weather O
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
weather O
report O
weather_query

the O
weather O
info O
weather_query

out O
weather O
weather_query

give O
weather O
stat O
of O
the O
week B-time
weather_query

display O
weather O
of O
the O
week B-time
weather_query

summarise O
week O
the O
weather O
details O
weather_query

how O
cold B-weather_descriptor
is O
it O
this O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

how O
humid B-weather_descriptor
is O
this O
environment O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
does O
this O
weather O
look O
like O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
is O
this O
weather O
supposed O
to O
be O
like O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
weather O
forecast O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

alert O
me O
when O
that O
outside O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
reaches I-weather_descriptor
sixty I-weather_descriptor
eight I-weather_descriptor
degrees I-weather_descriptor
weather_query

how O
is O
about O
weather O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
a O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
right O
now O
weather_query

how O
was O
is O
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

mild B-weather_descriptor
for O
heavy B-weather_descriptor
weather O
weather_query

show O
me O
for O
highest B-weather_descriptor
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

is O
summer B-weather_descriptor
going O
and O
weather_query

loop B-player_setting
the O
track O
music_settings

shuffle B-player_setting
the O
playlist O
music_settings

and O
shuffle B-player_setting
music_settings

... O
settings O
music_settings

the B-player_setting
shuffle B-player_setting
music_settings

after B-player_setting
album O
music_settings

please O
lower B-player_setting
like O
shuffle B-player_setting
rate O
of O
hips O
don O
't O
lie O
music_settings

please O
repeat B-player_setting
the O
music O
again O
of O
akon B-artist_name
music_settings

set O
and O
volume O
to B-change_amount
low I-change_amount
audio_volume_down

were O
're O
too O
loud O
audio_volume_down

and O
audio_volume_down

and O
audio_volume_down

turn O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_down

lower O
a O
volume O
audio_volume_down

it O
is O
too O
loud O
decrease O
a O
volume O
audio_volume_down

someone O
you O
please O
lower O
your O
volume O
audio_volume_down

make O
me O
a O
general_joke

tell O
me O
no O
good B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

send O
and O
giggle O
my O
way O
general_joke

tell O
me O
no O
joke O
general_joke

chear O
me O
। O
general_joke

tell O
me O
the O
joke O
general_joke

do O
you O
know O
a O
joke O
general_joke

can O
you O
tell O
me O
no O
joke O
general_joke

tell O
me O
no O
funny B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

whats O
no O
silly B-joke_type
joke O
you O
know O
general_joke

whats O
no O
good B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

a O
me O
random B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

wouldn O
don O
't O
like O
it O
music_dislikeness

thumbs O
and O
music_dislikeness

change O
a O
volume O
audio_volume_other

change O
and O
volume O
of O
the O
speakers O
audio_volume_other

make O
me O
the O
coffee O
iot_coffee

i O
need O
like O
coffee O
iot_coffee

i O
fancy O
like O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

yo O
i O
need O
like O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

start O
a O
coffee B-device_type
machine I-device_type
iot_coffee

get O
and O
cup O
of O
coffee O
ready O
now O
iot_coffee

the O
coffee B-device_type
maker I-device_type
iot_coffee

a O
coffee O
iot_coffee

of O
coffee B-device_type
maker I-device_type
begin O
process O
iot_coffee

for O
coffee O
iot_coffee

please O
make O
no O
coffee O
iot_coffee

can O
you O
bring O
me O
any O
nice B-coffee_type
coffee O
iot_coffee

i O
want O
to O
drink O
have O
coffee O
that O
you O
made O
iot_coffee

out O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

make O
coffee O
that O
eight B-time
am I-time
iot_coffee

brew O
coffee O
by O
noon B-timeofday
iot_coffee

i O
'd O
like O
had O
espresso B-coffee_type
iot_coffee

can O
i O
please O
have O
at O
cafe O
americano B-coffee_type
iot_coffee

like O
need O
coffee O
iot_coffee

turn O
in O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_up

volume O
a O
audio_volume_up

couldn O
can O
't O
hear O
you O
audio_volume_up

could O
can O
barely O
hear O
you O
audio_volume_up

and O
volume O
audio_volume_up

can O
you O
speak O
any O
little O
louder O
audio_volume_up

i O
am O
unable O
no O
hear O
you O
can O
you O
speak O
little O
loud O
audio_volume_up

out O
speak O
loud O
audio_volume_up

please O
increase O
change O
volume O
of O
the O
music O
hips O
don O
't O
lie O
audio_volume_up

of O
volume O
audio_volume_up

turn O
a O
sound O
audio_volume_up

2 O
louder O
please O
audio_volume_up

unmute O
and O
audio_volume_up

bring O
no O
talking O
after O
audio_volume_up

turn O
pop O
the O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

switch O
pop O
the O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turn O
and O
my O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turn O
or O
the O
rice B-device_type
cooker I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_on

a O
my O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turn O
or O
the O
smart B-device_type
charger I-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turn O
a O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
on O
iot_wemo_on

switch O
a O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket O
iot_wemo_on

turn O
or O
the O
rice B-device_type
cooker I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

by O
my O
okug B-device_type
iot_wemo_off

turn O
on O
the O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

power O
on O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
one I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

please O
turn O
call O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
of O
my O
phone B-device_type
when O
it O
'll O
be O
charged O
iot_wemo_off

i O
want O
you O
to O
turn O
plug O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
before O
the O
cellphone B-device_type
is O
charged O
iot_wemo_off

can O
u O
turn O
get O
wemo B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

turn O
and O
wemo B-device_type
iot_wemo_off

turn O
a O
smart B-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

wemo B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket I-device_type
##s O
iot_wemo_off

keep O
me O
uted O
in O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
prices I-news_topic
qa_stock

please O
tell O
me O
news O
related O
to O
on O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

what O
's O
new O
in O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

what O
are O
the O
utes O
about O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

what O
's O
this O
latest O
on O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

i O
would O
like O
to O
receive O
utes O
out O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
every B-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
qa_stock

what O
are O
those O
current O
stock B-news_topic
prices I-news_topic
for O
google B-business_name
qa_stock

set O
notification O
on O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

turn O
a O
notification O
for O
all O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

for O
me O
of O
the O
latest O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

send O
me O
these O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
utes O
for O
today B-date
qa_stock

and O
market O
qa_stock

market O
exchange O
rates O
qa_stock

each O
much O
rate O
will O
be O
calculated O
qa_stock

tell O
me O
which O
stocks O
were O
and O
biggest O
gainers O
in O
stock O
market O
nasdaq O
today B-date
qa_stock

tell O
me O
##tale O
mutual O
funds O
have O
maximum O
yearly O
returns O
qa_stock

about O
are O
my O
stocks O
doing O
today B-date
qa_stock

what O
's O
a O
stock O
price O
of O
<unk> O
qa_stock

and O
's O
my O
stock O
fluctuations O
qa_stock

has O
my O
stock O
increased O
on O
value O
qa_stock

what O
's O
a O
stock O
price O
of O
<unk> O
qa_stock

what O
are O
those O
current O
stocks O
for O
yahoo B-business_name
qa_stock

have O
bing O
the O
stocks O
dropped O
qa_stock

what O
is O
a O
current O
share O
value O
for O
msnbc B-business_name
qa_stock

what O
is O
a O
stock O
price O
for O
lexmark B-business_name
qa_stock

the O
me O
lexmark O
's O
current O
stock O
price O
qa_stock

display O
stock O
price O
from O
lexmark B-business_name
international O
qa_stock

on O
my O
favorite O
station O
play_radio

by O
my O
favorite O
pandora B-app_name
station O
play_radio

and O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

can O
you O
turn O
save O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

the O
bbc B-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

tune O
on O
some O
radio O
play_radio

the O
start O
radio O
play_radio

on O
my O
radio O
station O
play_radio

turn O
or O
some O
radio O
station O
play_radio

the O
bbc B-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

a O
my O
favourite O
radio O
play_radio

turn O
in O
the O
radio O
play_radio

play O
the O
radio O
play_radio

play O
music O
radio O
on O
me O
play_radio

play O
abc O
radio O
play_radio

showcase O
abc O
radio O
play_radio

someone O
play O
in O
radio O
play_radio

play O
my O
rock B-music_genre
station O
of O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

and O
pandora B-app_name
play O
rock B-music_genre
station O
play_radio

open O
iheartradio B-app_name
rov O
on O
rock B-music_genre
play_radio

on O
my O
station O
play_radio

for O
npr O
play_radio

what O
are O
with O
new O
rock B-music_genre
radio O
stations O
play_radio

a O
radio O
menu O
play_radio

if O
station O
you O
want O
play_radio

turn O
one O
eighty O
nine O
<unk> O
play_radio

switch O
to O
one O
thousand O
at O
eleven O
play_radio

turn O
radio O
to O
nine O
hundred O
hundred O
eighty O
seven O
play_radio

play O
no O
pop B-radio_name
station I-radio_name
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

i O
need O
you O
to O
turn O
check O
the O
radio O
play_radio

can O
you O
turn O
use O
the O
radio O
play_radio

play O
me O
the O
radio O
channel O
for O
trance B-radio_name
music I-radio_name
play_radio

the O
me O
news B-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

tune O
no O
radio O
channel O
for O
good B-radio_name
jokes I-radio_name
play_radio

play O
me O
on O
top B-radio_name
one I-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

play O
me O
on O
wvaq B-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

play O
hard O
rock B-radio_name
ninety I-radio_name
two I-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

will O
please O
play O
pandora B-app_name
radio O
play_radio

turn O
to O
station O
one O
thousand O
at O
twenty O
seven O
ally O
play_radio

please O
turn O
switch O
the O
radio O
to O
a O
random B-radio_name
station O
ally O
play_radio

and O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

on O
<unk> O
radio O
play_radio

and O
<unk> O
play_radio

go O
to O
channel O
one O
thousand O
at O
sixty O
nine O
play_radio

turn O
use O
the O
radio O
and O
play O
channel O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
play_radio

look O
on O
channel O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
and O
play O
it O
play_radio

for O
npr B-radio_name
play_radio

on O
spotify B-app_name
play_radio

and O
soundcloud B-radio_name
play_radio

play O
an O
urban B-radio_name
radio O
station O
play_radio

play O
and O
top B-radio_name
forty I-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

can O
you O
play O
acoustic B-radio_name
music I-radio_name
in O
no O
commercials O
play_radio

play O
a O
radio O
station O
play_radio

play O
this O
top B-radio_name
forty I-radio_name
station I-radio_name
with I-radio_name
rocket I-radio_name
and I-radio_name
theresa I-radio_name
play_radio

play O
a O
kansas B-radio_name
city I-radio_name
hip I-radio_name
hop I-radio_name
station O
play_radio

take O
me O
to O
on O
huffington B-media_type
post I-media_type
website O
social_post

send O
an O
message O
on O
facebook O
to O
pending O
friend O
requests O
that O
my O
friend O
list O
is O
full O
and O
i O
will O
be O
creating O
a O
new O
profile O
soon O
social_post

send O
no O
funny O
message O
to O
all O
of O
my O
friends O
social_post

go O
to O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
network O
post O
the O
following O
status O
social_post

get O
status O
changed O
on O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
social_post

get O
this O
status O
posted O
for O
the O
following O
social_post

go O
the O
online O
site O
social_post

go O
the O
timeline O
social_post

type O
something O
a O
post O
social_post

post O
but O
i O
am O
going O
to O
mcdonalds B-business_name
at O
manhattan B-place_name
social_post

post O
but O
i O
am O
going O
to O
walmart B-business_name
for O
shopping O
social_post

post O
but O
i O
am O
going O
to O
woodland B-business_name
shoe I-business_name
store I-business_name
social_post

can O
you O
upload O
my O
latest O
selfie O
on O
my O
social O
media O
social_post

can O
you O
upload O
my O
latest O
selfie O
on O
my O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

can O
you O
upload O
my O
latest O
selfie O
on O
my O
facebook B-media_type
account I-media_type
social_post

can O
you O
post O
my O
business O
at O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

post O
my O
business O
website O
all O
my O
social O
media O
sites O
social_post

post O
my O
business O
at O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

please O
post O
have O
picture O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

please O
ute O
my O
status O
message O
facebook B-media_type
with O
good O
evening O
social_post

post O
my O
current O
location O
in O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

post O
a O
message O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

please O
retweet O
please O
post O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

post O
the O
picture O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

by O
day O
whishes O
social_post

and B-event_name
whishes O
social_post

share O
no O
friends O
post O
social_post

post O
new O
status O
a O
facebook B-media_type
time O
to O
celebrate O
social_post

post O
and O
fb O
my O
birthday B-event_name
event O
social_post

post O
and O
tweeter O
my O
vist O
to O
japan O
social_post

post O
no O
pinterest B-media_type
about O
my O
new O
chicken O
recipe O
social_post

post O
hey O
everyone O
for O
fb O
social_post

tweet O
i O
am O
doing O
well O
in O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

post O
official O
status O
happy O
birthday B-event_name
mom B-relation
on O
fb O
social_post

post O
a O
message O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

send O
and O
post O
in O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

use O
facebook B-media_type
no O
post O
social_post

put O
and O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

tweet B-media_type
something O
from O
me O
social_post

i O
wanna O
share O
- O
social_post

can O
you O
ute O
my O
facebook B-media_type
profile O
picture O
to O
this O
image O
i O
took O
from O
google O
office O
yesterday B-date
social_post

that O
article O
is O
super O
cool O
can O
you O
share O
the O
link O
to O
facebook B-media_type
for O
me O
social_post

publish O
the O
article O
in O
pinterest B-media_type
social_post

broadcast O
the O
video O
in O
youtube B-media_type
social_post

announce O
no O
comment O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

post O
in O
my O
fb O
account O
that O
i O
got O
engaged O
social_post

my O
trip O
to O
goa O
photopost O
it O
in O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

listening O
song O
on O
arijit O
singhpost O
it O
on O
my O
fb O
account O
social_post

hello O
wish O
monika B-person
happy O
birthday B-event_name
in O
her O
timeline O
social_post

hi O
siri O
post O
my O
last O
clicked O
photo O
in O
facebook B-media_type
with O
title O
marry O
christmas O
social_post

hello O
google O
post O
my O
current O
status O
in O
twitter B-media_type
mentioning O
a O
great O
trip O
to O
paris B-place_name
with O
friends B-relation
and O
family B-relation
social_post

a B-media_type
status O
busy O
day O
social_post

facebook B-media_type
status O
loving O
at O
sunrise O
social_post

facebook B-media_type
status O
anyone O
wanna O
go O
to O
in O
movies O
social_post

find O
me O
an O
nice O
restaurant B-business_type
for O
dinner B-meal_type
recommendation_locations

which O
is O
with O
nearest O
restaurants B-business_type
available O
recommendation_locations

tell O
me O
the O
best B-place_name
tourist I-place_name
places I-place_name
to O
visit O
in O
america B-place_name
recommendation_locations

where O
is O
no O
good O
place O
to O
eat O
cheap O
pakistani B-food_type
food I-food_type
recommendation_locations

which O
is O
a O
best O
place O
to O
visit O
in O
this B-date
month I-date
recommendation_locations

where O
can O
i O
get O
shawarma B-food_type
on O
this O
area O
recommendation_locations

find O
no O
grocery B-business_type
store I-business_type
in O
town O
that O
carries O
creamed O
pickled O
herring O
recommendation_locations

what O
is O
a O
best O
italian B-food_type
restaurant B-business_type
around O
here O
recommendation_locations

where O
monet O
an O
exhibition O
takes O
place O
recommendation_locations

list O
on O
the O
nearby O
restaurant B-business_type
recommendation_locations

that O
pubs B-business_type
are O
close O
recommendation_locations

tell O
me O
pizza B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
close O
or O
recommendation_locations

what O
's O
this O
best O
chicken B-business_type
place I-business_type
near O
me O
recommendation_locations

wheres O
and O
closest O
sainsbury O
's O
recommendation_locations

tell O
me O
chinese B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
on O
the O
area O
recommendation_locations

that O
pubs B-business_type
are O
close O
to O
me O
recommendation_locations

are O
there O
the O
electronics B-business_type
shops I-business_type
around O
white B-place_name
chapel I-place_name
in O
london B-place_name
recommendation_locations

is O
there O
a O
grocery B-business_type
nearby O
recommendation_locations

where O
is O
no O
petrol B-business_type
station I-business_type
in O
five B-place_name
mile I-place_name
radius I-place_name
recommendation_locations

: B-business_type
shop I-business_type
recommendation_locations

of B-business_type
shop I-business_type
recommendation_locations

। O
shop O
recommendation_locations

from O
much O
recommendation_locations

with O
much O
btaxes O
recommendation_locations

what O
are O
those O
best O
italian B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
in O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
recommendation_locations

can O
you O
suggest O
me O
any O
healthy B-food_type
foods I-food_type
for O
dinner O
cooking_recipe

your O
recipe O
favorite O
steak B-food_type
was O
superb O
cooking_recipe

is O
soft B-food_type
cheese I-food_type
better O
and O
hard O
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
should O
i O
lay B-cooking_type
the O
eggs B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
ingredients O
do O
i O
need O
need O
tomato B-food_type
soup I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
or O
make O
cheescake O
cooking_recipe

tell O
me O
how O
the O
cook B-cooking_type
steak B-food_type
cooking_recipe

whats O
needed O
the O
make O
pizza B-food_type
cooking_recipe

whats O
this O
recipe O
for O
oats B-food_type
cookie I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
do O
i O
make O
like O
pizza B-food_type
cooking_recipe

whats O
a O
recipe O
for O
pasta O
sause O
cooking_recipe

tell O
me O
how O
and O
make O
garlic B-food_type
bread I-food_type
cooking_recipe

about O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
rise O
cooking_recipe

about O
do O
i O
roll B-cooking_type
sushi B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
should O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
stay O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

tell O
me O
that O
recepie O
of O
cooking_recipe

how O
much O
time O
do O
i O
have O
to O
boil B-cooking_type
kill O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
much O
time O
a O
cook B-cooking_type
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

tell O
me O
how O
and O
cook B-cooking_type
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
like O
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
should O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
stay O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
ingredients O
are O
needed O
of O
pudding B-food_type
cooking_recipe

find O
and O
recipe O
for O
a O
romantic O
dinner O
for O
two O
cooking_recipe

what O
can O
i O
cook O
but O
broccoli B-ingredient
and O
chicken B-ingredient
cooking_recipe

in O
many O
millilitres O
is O
two O
table O
spoons O
cooking_recipe

give O
me O
the O
recipes O
for O
<unk> O
cooking_recipe

about O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
<unk> O
cooking_recipe

i O
have O
asked O
<unk> O
how O
do O
i O
prepare O
this O
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
should O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
add O
hamburger B-food_type
on O
each O
side O
cooking_recipe

what O
temperature O
should O
of O
oil B-ingredient
be O
for O
frying B-cooking_type
french B-food_type
fries I-food_type
cooking_recipe

find O
me O
an O
chocolate B-food_type
cake I-food_type
recipe O
cooking_recipe

about O
do O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
butter B-food_type
chicken I-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
and O
goes O
into O
a O
red B-food_type
velvet I-food_type
cake I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
does O
it O
take O
for O
make O
vegetable B-food_type
lasagna I-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
's O
a O
recipe O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

find O
this O
most O
popular O
recipie O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
is O
a O
best O
recipe O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
is O
a O
recipe O
for O
cooking_recipe

what O
should O
an O
oven O
temperature O
be O
cooking_recipe

often O
long O
do O
you O
cook O
it O
cooking_recipe

get O
me O
any O
recipe O
cooking_recipe

please O
send O
write O
reminder O
email O
to O
peter O
and O
ask O
him O
how O
long O
he O
will O
be O
taking O
to O
prepare O
the O
presentation O
ppt O
email_sendemail

i O
did O
not O
want O
you O
to O
send O
a O
text O
yet O
wait O
until O
i O
say O
send O
email_sendemail

write O
sms O
for O
our O
friends B-relation
email_sendemail

send O
by O
mail O
to O
whom O
to O
talk O
email_sendemail

send O
via O
group O
mail O
to O
lookafter O
email_sendemail

please O
send O
please O
mail O
to O
mr B-person
richard I-person
stating O
that O
i O
going O
to O
met B-event_name
him I-event_name
on O
one O
divided O
by O
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
at O
this O
office B-place_name
email_sendemail

please O
send O
leave O
voice O
mail O
to O
mr B-person
richard I-person
office O
about O
meting B-event_name
him O
on O
one O
divided O
by O
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
email_sendemail

send O
a O
email O
to O
sarah B-person
about O
brunch B-event_name
today B-date
email_sendemail

text O
sarah B-person
and O
she O
is O
free O
for O
brunch B-event_name
today B-date
email_sendemail

email O
my O
appointments B-event_name
friends O
reschedule O
email_sendemail

send O
and O
email O
to O
peter O
asking O
him O
which O
one O
dress O
should O
i O
bring O
and O
attach O
the O
photos O
of O
dresses O
taken O
recently O
email_sendemail

and O
friend O
email_sendemail

schedule O
text O
messages O
or O
later O
email_sendemail

send O
email O
for O
martha B-person
saying O
last O
evening O
was O
wild O
email_sendemail

reply O
to O
patrick B-person
the O
i O
am O
on O
my O
way O
email_sendemail

drop O
no O
message O
to O
jan B-person
write O
i O
will O
be O
late O
email_sendemail

send O
email O
for O
my O
brother B-relation
email_sendemail

be O
email O
my O
team B-relation
email_sendemail

or O
my O
favourite O
contacts O
email_sendemail

hey O
email O
jan B-person
at O
our O
meeting B-event_name
email_sendemail

please O
send O
email O
to O
pawel B-person
the O
reminder O
email_sendemail

email O
by O
pawel B-person
regarding O
latest O
news O
email_sendemail

hey O
please O
reply O
the O
last O
pawel O
's O
email O
email_sendemail

answer O
the O
pawel O
's O
email O
email_sendemail

could O
you O
please O
send O
back O
to O
pawel B-person
the O
answer O
email_sendemail

send O
and O
email O
to O
c@emoteckco O
email_sendemail

create O
a O
email O
to O
toby B-person
at O
tobytoday B-email_address
dot I-email_address
com I-email_address
email_sendemail

send O
a O
email O
to O
jeff B-email_address
at I-email_address
gmail I-email_address
dot I-email_address
com I-email_address
email_sendemail

send O
email O
to O
emilia B-person
saying O
i O
will O
be O
late O
please O
don O
't O
wait O
cancel O
dinner B-meal_type
email_sendemail

email O
to O
matthew B-person
the O
content O
project O
finished O
send O
me O
invoice O
please O
email_sendemail

email O
to O
caroline B-person
how O
are O
you O
can O
you O
send O
me O
utes O
a O
last O
project O
cheers O
tomasz O
email_sendemail

email O
to O
caroline B-person
how O
are O
you O
can O
you O
send O
me O
utes O
a O
last O
project O
cheers O
tomasz O
email_sendemail

can O
you O
send O
also O
email O
to O
chelsea B-person
please O
email_sendemail

and O
chelsea B-person
email_sendemail

send O
and O
email O
to O
my O
mum B-relation
that O
i O
will O
visit O
her O
next O
weekend O
email_sendemail

reply O
and O
email O
to O
jason B-person
that O
i O
will O
not O
come O
tonight B-timeofday
email_sendemail

email O
my O
sister B-relation
and O
mom O
's O
birthday B-event_name
jane B-person
we O
should O
think O
about O
arranging O
the O
party O
at O
the O
park O
email_sendemail

email O
james B-person
at O
the O
softball O
game O
james B-person
we O
need O
to O
get O
some O
refreshments O
before O
heading O
over O
email_sendemail

email O
david B-person
out O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
david B-person
can O
we O
have O
the O
meeting B-event_name
in O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
email_sendemail

reply O
the O
last O
email O
say O
sorry O
cannot O
make O
it O
email_sendemail

reply O
and O
dad B-relation
write O
'i O
will O
be O
late O
email_sendemail

respond O
to O
all B-person
the O
i O
am O
on O
my O
way O
email_sendemail

go O
to O
contacts O
the O
add O
a O
new O
email O
to O
the O
list O
email_sendemail

here O
is O
an O
new O
email O
address O
to O
be O
added O
to O
the O
contacts O
email_sendemail

go O
to O
contacts O
or O
enter O
a O
new O
email O
address O
email_sendemail

go O
the O
ne O
mail O
compile O
email_sendemail

and O
mail O
id O
subject O
content O
email_sendemail

send O
a O
email_sendemail

start O
no O
new O
email O
to O
email_sendemail

send O
to O
and O
contact O
an O
email O
as O
follows O
email_sendemail

go O
to O
email O
a O
send O
message O
to O
email_sendemail

please O
reply O
read O
my O
most O
recent O
email O
email_sendemail

open O
my O
most O
recent O
email O
blog O
reply O
email_sendemail

reply O
the O
most O
recent O
email O
email_sendemail

send O
a O
email O
to O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

compose O
no O
new O
email O
to O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

write O
as O
email O
recipient O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

the O
we O
calcultate O
email_sendemail

how O
its O
come O
for O
us O
email_sendemail

some O
we O
can O
get O
credit O
email_sendemail

a O
my O
mother B-relation
email_sendemail

send O
a O
email O
to O
my O
boss B-relation
email_sendemail

send O
and O
email O
to O
sjobs@applecom O
email_sendemail

forward O
email O
address O
for O
my O
new O
email O
email_sendemail

send O
email O
the O
current O
email O
address O
email_sendemail

please O
send O
add O
new O
email O
address O
listed O
email_sendemail

send O
all O
content O
via O
email O
email_sendemail

forward O
shown O
content O
to O
<unk> O
the O
email O
email_sendemail

pass O
and O
following O
using O
email O
to O
email_sendemail

what O
is O
a O
gross O
domestic O
product O
of O
us B-place_name
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
comics O
on O
charlie B-person
chaplin I-person
qa_factoid

in O
is O
sunset O
qa_factoid

what O
a O
tona B-place_name
qa_factoid

in O
is O
tona B-place_name
qa_factoid

who O
won O
in B-news_topic
presidential I-news_topic
election I-news_topic
this B-date
year I-date
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
that O
martin B-person
luther I-person
king I-person
jr I-person
qa_factoid

who O
was O
appointed O
a O
deputy O
cm O
of O
uttar O
pradesh O
qa_factoid

at O
is O
christmas B-event_name
qa_factoid

where O
is O
a O
convention B-place_name
center I-place_name
located O
qa_factoid

when O
does O
this O
super B-event_name
bowl I-event_name
officially O
start O
qa_factoid

and O
creates O
buttermilk B-food_type
qa_factoid

may O
i O
have O
the O
list O
of O
five B-list_name
star I-list_name
hotels I-list_name
in O
paris B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
many O
stars O
has O
swat B-movie_name
received O
in O
imdb O
qa_factoid

in O
is O
place O
qa_factoid

where O
is O
mcmennamin O
in O
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
something O
and O
qa_factoid

did O
you O
hear O
and O
qa_factoid

you O
shoud O
know O
and O
qa_factoid

or O
is O
barack B-person
obama I-person
qa_factoid

bad O
tall O
is O
micheal B-person
jackson I-person
qa_factoid

who O
is O
president O
in O
poland B-place_name
qa_factoid

what O
is O
a O
capital O
of O
china B-place_name
qa_factoid

in O
is O
botzwana O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
that O
highest O
building O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
tall O
is O
of O
giraffe O
qa_factoid

how O
hot O
are O
summers O
the O
gibraltar B-place_name
qa_factoid

and O
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
the O
<unk> O
qa_factoid

which O
is O
of O
highest O
peak O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

what O
is O
a O
gdp O
of O
usa B-place_name
qa_factoid

what O
is O
a O
financial O
capital O
of O
canada B-place_name
qa_factoid

calculate O
a O
resistance O
of O
this O
resistor O
qa_factoid

calcualte O
ohm O
's O
law O
based O
for O
these O
values O
qa_factoid

search O
google O
shopping O
at O
the O
best O
price O
on O
a O
monoprice O
mxblue O
mechanical O
keyboard O
qa_factoid

what O
are O
with O
oil O
prices O
like O
today B-date
for O
a O
barrel O
of O
crude O
oil O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
this O
plot O
of O
the O
most O
recent O
will B-person
smith I-person
movie O
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
this O
politician O
is O
being O
investigated O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
with O
lowest O
population O
per O
square O
mile O
in O
africa B-place_name
qa_factoid

i O
need O
to O
know O
why O
girls O
are O
so O
different O
to O
man O
explained O
and O
science O
man O
qa_factoid

beautiful O
old O
is O
mariah B-person
carey I-person
qa_factoid

what O
city O
does O
anthony B-person
keidis I-person
live O
and O
qa_factoid

in O
was O
frank B-person
sinatra I-person
born O
qa_factoid

can O
you O
give O
me O
these O
details O
of O
indian B-place_name
embassy O
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
what O
movie O
was O
was O
winner O
of O
last O
year O
's O
academy O
award O
for O
best O
picture O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
times O
could O
this O
size O
of O
texas B-place_name
fit O
into O
the O
size O
of O
alaska B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
many O
countries O
are O
on O
the O
european O
union O
qa_factoid

। B-person
spears I-person
qa_factoid

that O
age O
is O
britney B-person
spears I-person
qa_factoid

this O
old O
is O
cher B-person
qa_factoid

what O
is O
clint B-person
eastwood I-person
doing O
those O
days O
qa_factoid

find O
but O
for O
me O
what O
the O
topic O
is O
of O
each O
oswald O
chambers O
book O
qa_factoid

explain O
this O
book O
of O
daniel B-person
to O
me O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
a O
sixteenth O
president O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
ounces O
is O
on O
a O
quart O
qa_factoid

and O
qa_factoid

when O
did O
a O
ussr B-place_name
dissolve O
and O
the O
soviet O
union O
rise O
to O
power O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
that O
worlds O
record O
for O
the O
longest O
head O
of O
hair O
qa_factoid

with O
was O
bryan B-person
adams I-person
born O
qa_factoid

what O
state O
is O
david B-person
lynch I-person
of O
qa_factoid

big O
tall O
is O
trevor B-person
noah I-person
qa_factoid

when O
is O
st O
patrick O
nicholas O
day O
qa_factoid

the O
isnt O
adam B-person
sandler I-person
funny O
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
why O
bill B-person
bur I-person
is O
was O
better O
comedia O
than O
iliza B-person
schleshinger I-person
qa_factoid

of O
me O
tom B-person
hanks I-person
middle O
name O
qa_factoid

this O
is O
robin B-person
williams I-person
birthday O
qa_factoid

the O
me O
billy B-person
crytals I-person
address O
qa_factoid

book O
me O
of O
flight O
to O
mars O
next B-date
year I-date
qa_factoid

i O
will O
be O
call O
pizza O
hut O
in O
ten O
minutes O
and O
will O
stay O
there O
for O
next O
forty O
minutes O
arrange O
an O
uber O
for O
me O
that O
can O
drop O
me O
home O
qa_factoid

is O
meryl B-person
streep I-person
as O
actress O
or O
singer O
qa_factoid

is O
beyonce B-person
married O
a O
divorced O
qa_factoid

this O
old O
is O
tony B-person
bennett I-person
qa_factoid

how O
many O
oceans O
are O
there O
on O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
a O
total O
number O
of O
oceans O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

can O
you O
tell O
me O
this O
total O
number O
of O
oceans O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

who O
was O
as O
current O
prime O
minister O
of O
britain B-place_name
qa_factoid

which O
was O
longest O
buildings O
on O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

which O
was O
longest O
river O
on O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

i O
you O
know O
actor O
surya B-person
qa_factoid

what O
is O
this O
residing O
place O
of O
cricketer O
dhoni B-person
qa_factoid

please O
give O
height O
up O
lindsey B-person
lohan I-person
qa_factoid

please O
give O
me O
information O
next O
movie O
for O
aamir B-person
khan I-person
qa_factoid

please O
give O
me O
address O
a O
salman B-person
khan I-person
apartment O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
this O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
qa_factoid

that O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
is O
what O
qa_factoid

name O
a O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
qa_factoid

and O
qa_factoid

how O
big O
is O
this O
cosmos O
qa_factoid

this O
is O
taylor B-person
swift I-person
qa_factoid

who O
is O
this O
person O
behind O
the O
song O
of O
taylor O
swift O
back O
to O
december B-date
qa_factoid

when O
is O
and O
birthdate O
of O
taylor B-person
lautner I-person
qa_factoid

some O
many O
countries O
qa_factoid

all O
many O
oceans O
are O
there O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
a O
name O
of O
the O
tallest O
man O
qa_factoid

who O
is O
the B-person
hill I-person
qa_factoid

this O
's O
bob O
scrote O
's O
net O
worth O
qa_factoid

evening O
awards O
did O
erica B-person
grebe I-person
win O
last B-date
night I-date
qa_factoid

do O
you O
know O
jessica O
snout O
by O
phone O
number O
qa_factoid

what O
is O
population O
a O
mile O
in O
asia O
qa_factoid

provide O
valid O
references O
news O
information O
to O
help O
people O
understand O
critical O
thinking O
and O
giving O
credit O
where O
credit O
is O
due O
rather O
than O
perpetuate O
fake O
news O
and O
alternative O
facts O
qa_factoid

calculate O
distance O
for O
boston B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
qa_factoid

or O
is O
channing O
tatum O
's O
birthday O
qa_factoid

big O
tall O
is O
channin B-person
tatum I-person
qa_factoid

where O
is O
channing B-person
tatum I-person
of O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
people O
live O
of O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
qa_factoid

tell O
me O
all O
these O
current O
events O
in O
my O
hometown B-place_name
recommendation_events

that O
is O
happening O
recommendation_events

events O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

and O
events O
recommendation_events

whats O
happening O
on O
ny B-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
is O
playing O
in O
the O
local B-place_name
theater I-place_name
right O
now O
recommendation_events

what O
events O
are O
going O
on O
my O
town B-place_name
this B-date
week I-date
recommendation_events

show O
me O
upcoming O
events O
on O
this O
area O
recommendation_events

show O
me O
upcoming O
events O
at O
chicago B-place_name
recommendation_events

show O
me O
upcoming O
events O
on O
the O
quad B-place_name
cities I-place_name
recommendation_events

i O
really O
want O
to O
go O
to O
keiv B-place_name
is O
there O
all O
good O
events O
there O
in O
april B-date
recommendation_events

who O
a O
why O
is O
on O
at O
the O
theater B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
recommendation_events

what O
is O
the O
event O
recommendation_events

what O
is O
happening O
in O
that O
event O
recommendation_events

show O
me O
more O
information O
at O
this O
event O
recommendation_events

what O
events O
are O
coming O
of O
recommendation_events

are O
there O
all O
events O
coming O
up O
recommendation_events

out O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

out O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

what O
events O
are O
happening O
on O
seattle B-place_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
recommendation_events

are O
there O
all O
fun O
things O
to O
do O
in O
seattle B-place_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
recommendation_events

the B-date
weekend I-date
what O
events O
are O
going O
on O
in O
seattle B-place_name
recommendation_events

that O
is O
happening O
tomorrow B-date
recommendation_events

what O
happens O
of O
the O
fourth B-date
of I-date
july I-date
recommendation_events

searching O
no O
holidays B-event_name
in O
my O
location O
recommendation_events

searching O
or O
any O
special B-event_name
holidays I-event_name
for O
us B-place_name
country I-place_name
recommendation_events

searching O
or O
recent O
happenings O
on O
the O
particular O
dates O
recommendation_events

info O
on O
the O
upcoming O
events O
recommendation_events

search O
at O
events O
in O
the O
chicago B-place_name
area I-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
can O
i O
do O
of O
berlin B-place_name
recommendation_events

tell O
me O
some O
things O
to O
do O
in O
london B-place_name
recommendation_events

could O
you O
suggest O
spend O
fun O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
recommendation_events

remind O
me O
of O
anything O
else O
happens O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
or O
do O
something O
then O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
... O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
no O
one B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

set O
no O
notification O
for O
sports B-event_name
game I-event_name
calendar_set

set O
notifications O
in O
the O
current O
weather B-event_name
disasters I-event_name
in O
america B-place_name
calendar_set

remind O
my O
friend O
to O
get O
this O
assignment O
tomorow O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
on O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

open O
memo O
add O
note O
at O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

and O
calendar_set

mark O
today B-date
at O
the B-event_name
start I-event_name
of I-event_name
my I-event_name
diet I-event_name
calendar_set

take O
note O
off O
today B-date
as O
my B-date
first I-date
date I-date
with I-date
bob I-date
calendar_set

today B-date
needs O
to O
be O
marked O
on O
my B-event_name
cheat I-event_name
day I-event_name
calendar_set

adding O
meetings B-event_name
of O
particaur O
dates O
of O
calender O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
of O
my O
schedule O
for O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_set

schedule O
no O
chat B-event_name
with O
adam B-person
on O
thursday B-date
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_set

i O
am O
want O
to O
meet O
tom B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
seven B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
meeting B-event_name
reminder O
on O
sunday B-date
with O
my O
parents B-relation
in I-relation
law I-relation
calendar_set

add O
meeting B-event_name
on O
sunday B-date
with O
my O
parents B-relation
in I-relation
law I-relation
calendar_set

please O
put O
keep O
my O
calendar O
daily B-general_frequency
standup B-event_name
to O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
regular O
bi O
weekly O
meeting B-event_name
and O
fridays B-date
three B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
weekly B-general_frequency
one B-time
pm I-time
call B-event_name
solar O
calendar O
calendar_set

put O
meeting B-event_name
the O
pawel B-person
for O
tomorrow B-date
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

add O
to O
my O
calendar O
daily B-general_frequency
call B-event_name
by O
five B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

set O
first B-time
week I-time
on I-time
june I-time
as O
holiday B-event_name
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
read O
book B-media_type
that B-date
week I-date
calendar_set

put O
reminder O
in O
call B-event_name
pawel B-person
tomorrow B-date
calendar_set

add O
to O
my O
reminders O
to O
watch B-event_name
new I-event_name
movie I-event_name
today B-date
by O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
send O
the O
email B-event_name
later O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
wash B-event_name
change I-event_name
windows I-event_name
calendar_set

tell O
me O
later O
to O
file O
this O
invoice B-event_name
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
go O
to O
that O
gym B-event_name
every B-general_frequency
monday I-general_frequency
and O
tuesday B-date
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
go O
shopping B-event_name
each B-general_frequency
week I-general_frequency
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
pay O
rent B-event_name
per B-general_frequency
month I-general_frequency
calendar_set

set O
in O
meeting B-event_name
with O
hongbin B-person
calendar_set

book O
in O
meeting B-event_name
with O
chelsea B-person
calendar_set

create O
the O
event O
with O
zaf B-person
calendar_set

add O
no O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

add O
no O
new O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

set O
no O
event O
for O
friday B-date
calendar_set

create O
meeting B-event_name
the O
paul B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
event O
on O
this B-timeofday
evening I-timeofday
meeting B-event_name
with O
jake B-person
calendar_set

set O
meeting O
in O
joanna B-person
on O
saturday B-date
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
call B-event_name
my I-event_name
grandma I-event_name
parents O
sunday B-date
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
go B-event_name
to I-event_name
bed I-event_name
the B-time
one I-time
am I-time
everyday B-general_frequency
calendar_set

i O
will O
attend O
lily O
's O
wedding O
next B-date
week I-date
if O
my O
boyfriend B-relation
please O
add O
it O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

can O
you O
remind O
me O
at O
the O
gym B-event_name
class I-event_name
in B-time
two I-time
hours I-time
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
look O
make O
the O
pasta O
in O
thirty O
mins O
calendar_set

could O
you O
remind O
me O
to O
take O
bring O
bins B-event_name
out O
on O
thursday B-date
calendar_set

remind O
me O
my O
mom O
's O
birthday B-event_name
all B-time
week I-time
before I-time
calendar_set

help O
me O
remember O
to O
call B-event_name
janice B-person
by O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

i O
need O
to O
remember O
to O
get O
to O
those O
shops B-event_name
before B-time
they I-time
close I-time
calendar_set

there O
's O
that O
good O
band B-event_name
playing I-event_name
tonight B-timeofday
at B-time
nine I-time
at O
jazzbar O
i O
want O
to O
go O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
at O
the O
picnic B-event_name
at O
regent B-place_name
park I-place_name
calendar_set

i O
want O
to O
go O
to O
that O
outdoor B-event_name
movie I-event_name
screening O
this O
weekend B-time
remind O
me O
calendar_set

create O
and O
repeating B-general_frequency
event O
on O
mondays B-date
at O
seven B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
no O
reminder O
on O
thursdays B-date
at O
one O
thousand O
one O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
am O
and O
name O
it O
dance B-event_name
classes I-event_name
calendar_set

add O
repeating B-general_frequency
event O
of O
saturday B-date
on O
seven B-time
am I-time
named O
cinema B-event_name
time I-event_name
calendar_set

remind O
me O
of O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
meeting B-event_name
at O
two B-time
calendar_set

remind O
me O
all O
six B-time
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
at O
seven B-time
calendar_set

add O
on O
alert O
tomorrow B-date
at O
seven B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

create O
no O
event O
for O
me O
at O
three O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
tomorrow B-date
of O
four B-time
about O
an O
event O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
at O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
calendar_set

remind O
me O
of O
mike O
's O
birtdays O
calendar_set

add O
no O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
with O
a O
pamela B-person
at O
six B-time
calendar_set

set O
reminder O
the O
tennis B-event_name
game I-event_name
with O
peter B-person
on O
sunday B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

create O
a O
event O
for O
a O
john O
's O
birthday B-event_name
calendar_set

remind O
me O
of O
email O
to O
my O
sister B-relation
calendar_set

prompt O
me O
for O
tv O
programm O
at O
sixteen B-time
fifteen I-time
on O
thursday B-date
at O
bbc B-media_type
four I-media_type
calendar_set

remind O
me O
on O
my O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

give O
me O
up O
reminder O
notification O
on O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

go O
to O
calendar O
a O
schedule O
event O
calendar_set

set O
and O
the O
following O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
with O
the O
following O
people O
calendar_set

on O
calendar O
add O
this O
event O
with O
these O
people O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
her O
about O
my O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
sharply O
at O
ten B-time
calendar_set

set O
and O
a O
notification O
about O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
calendar_set

can O
you O
sync O
my O
calendar O
call O
mark B-person
calendar_set

can O
you O
add O
the O
event O
with O
karl B-person
calendar_set

can O
you O
add O
watch O
event O
with O
joey B-person
calendar_set

please O
schedule O
be O
meeting B-event_name
with O
brian B-person
billings I-person
in O
accounting B-personal_info
calendar_set

schedule O
no O
meeting B-event_name
with O
brian B-person
billings I-person
for O
two O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
on O
friday B-date
calendar_set

schedule O
no O
meeting B-event_name
with O
the O
accounting B-business_name
department I-business_name
on O
two O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
on O
friday B-date
calendar_set

and O
calendar_set

hi O
to O
and O
calendar_set

this O
its O
must O
calendar_set

open O
google O
calendar O
on O
the O
my O
calendars O
section O
click O
the O
down O
arrow O
that O
appears O
when O
you O
hover O
over O
your O
calendar O
and O
select O
reminders O
and O
notifications O
from O
the O
drop O
down O
calendar_set

out O
the O
choose O
how O
you O
would O
like O
to O
be O
notified O
section O
check O
the O
email O
bo O
<unk> O
for O
each O
type O
of O
notification O
you├ö├ç├ûd O
like O
to O
receive O
calendar_set

on O
save O
calendar_set

this O
we O
will O
get O
digital O
document O
calendar_set

on O
long O
its O
take O
calendar_set

how O
far O
we O
send O
money O
from O
digital O
calendar_set

add O
and O
appointment B-event_name
with O
my O
dentist B-relation
for O
ten B-time
am I-time
next O
monday B-date
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
pick B-event_name
tell I-event_name
linda B-person
at O
five B-time
in O
the O
evening B-timeofday
on O
seventh B-date
calendar_set

schedule O
no O
meeting B-event_name
with O
john B-person
connor I-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
eight B-time
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

give O
me O
up O
reminder O
at O
eight B-time
pm I-time
for O
the O
game B-event_name
calendar_set

remind O
me O
tomorrow B-date
by O
ten B-time
am I-time
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

set O
no O
reminder O
up O
next B-date
month I-date
to O
get O
my O
oil B-event_name
changed I-event_name
calendar_set

make O
no O
reminder O
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
every B-general_frequency
monday I-general_frequency
until O
i O
i O
remove O
it O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
the B-general_frequency
first I-general_frequency
of I-general_frequency
the I-general_frequency
month I-general_frequency
calendar_set

i O
need O
have O
reminder O
every B-general_frequency
single I-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
event O
on O
calandar O
repeat O
event O
every B-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
calendar_set

put O
monday B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
in O
calandar O
ever O
monday O
calendar_set

repeating O
event O
meeting B-event_name
of O
mondays B-general_frequency
calendar_set

set O
no O
notification O
for O
fifth B-date
march I-date
that O
i O
have O
a O
doctor O
's O
appointment O
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
and O
notification O
for O
sixth B-date
march I-date
that O
there O
is O
a O
society B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
at O
eleven B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
and O
notification O
for O
eleven B-date
march I-date
that O
an O
interview B-event_name
is O
scheduled O
with O
mr B-person
rodriguez I-person
calendar_set

remind O
me O
of O
my O
meeting B-event_name
with O
joe B-person
at O
ten B-time
on O
monday B-date
calendar_set

set O
reminder O
to O
print B-event_name
file I-event_name
documents I-event_name
on O
tuesday B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
have O
get O
presentation B-event_name
ready O
by O
ten B-time
on O
wednesday B-date
calendar_set

i O
want O
to O
add O
the O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

add O
event O
a O
calendar O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
take O
my O
medicine B-event_name
first O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

set O
reminder O
on O
noon B-timeofday
to O
get O
lunch B-event_name
with I-event_name
boss I-event_name
calendar_set

set O
reminder O
to O
pick B-event_name
the I-event_name
kids I-event_name
on O
weekdays B-date
at O
three B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

remind O
me O
of O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

remind O
me O
to O
have O
launch B-event_name
the I-event_name
boss I-event_name
today B-date
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

remember O
to O
remind O
me O
that O
client B-event_name
meet I-event_name
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

set O
per O
event O
calendar_set

set O
no O
calendar O
event O
calendar_set

and O
calendar O
set O
event O
calendar_set

hi O
please O
remind O
but O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
boss B-relation
it O
will O
be O
at O
eleven B-time
am I-time
next O
monday B-date
calendar_set

i O
want O
you O
to O
remind O
me O
that O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
girlfriend B-relation
it O
will O
be O
at O
eight B-time
pm I-time
next B-date
sunday I-date
calendar_set

set O
no O
notification O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
next O
tuesday B-date
calendar_set

set O
notification O
of O
meeting B-event_name
with O
boss B-relation
calendar_set

call O
me O
one B-time
hour I-time
before O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

remind O
me O
at O
my O
meeting B-event_name
an B-time
hour I-time
before O
it O
begins O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
of O
my O
meeting B-event_name
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

set O
reminder O
on O
two B-time
pm I-time
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

can O
i O
know O
what O
i O
have O
to O
do O
say O
next O
saturday B-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

please O
remind O
me O
one B-time
hour I-time
for O
the O
meeting B-event_name
i O
hace O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

can O
you O
remind O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
day O
my O
boss B-relation
one B-time
hour I-time
before O
it O
will O
happen O
calendar_set

add O
as O
reminder O
of O
a O
conference B-event_name
for O
tomorrow B-date
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
calendar_set

i O
have O
can O
function B-event_name
at O
washington B-place_name
tomorrow B-date
remind O
it O
calendar_set

please O
remind O
me O
of O
the O
function B-event_name
at O
miami B-place_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_set

please O
remind O
me O
this O
birthday B-event_name
of O
my O
uncle B-relation
joe B-person
every B-general_frequency
may I-general_frequency
fourth I-general_frequency
calendar_set

please O
set O
keep O
reminder O
for O
the O
office B-event_name
party I-event_name
next O
saturday B-date
calendar_set

please O
remind O
me O
my O
doctor B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
of O
thirteenth B-date
july I-date
calendar_set

set O
reminder O
: O
calendar_set

remind O
me O
... O
calendar_set

alert O
me O
... O
calendar_set

... O
event O
calendar_set

... O
event O
calendar_set

and O
event O
calendar_set

set O
no O
calendar O
event O
to O
repeat O
yearly B-general_frequency
weekly O
monthly O
on O
this O
date O
calendar_set

please O
repeat O
a O
last O
sentence O
from O
that O
book O
play_audiobook

read O
come O
back O
play_audiobook

rewind B-player_setting
audiobook O
in O
thirty B-time
seconds I-time
play_audiobook

and O
audiobook O
play_audiobook

please O
continue B-player_setting
playing I-player_setting
odd B-audiobook_name
thomas I-audiobook_name
at O
dean B-audiobook_author
koontz I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

i O
want O
to O
finish O
listening O
to O
for O
book O
one B-time
thousand I-time
nine I-time
hundred I-time
and I-time
eighty I-time
four I-time
from O
where O
i O
left O
off O
play_audiobook

i O
want O
to O
listen O
to O
be B-audiobook_name
more I-audiobook_name
chill I-audiobook_name
of O
ned B-audiobook_author
vizzini I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

the B-player_setting
american B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

in B-player_setting
playing I-player_setting
american B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
where O
i O
last O
stopped O
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
play O
on O
american B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

can O
you O
play O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
on O
harry B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

can O
you O
play O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
on O
tarzan B-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

can O
you O
play O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
on O
king B-audiobook_name
kong I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
my O
audio O
book O
for O
karl B-audiobook_author
pilkington I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

can O
you O
put B-player_setting
see I-player_setting
the O
chuck B-audiobook_name
palhunik I-audiobook_name
audio O
book O
play_audiobook

can O
you O
put B-player_setting
find I-player_setting
the B-audiobook_name
giver I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
that O
audiobook O
i O
listened O
to O
last O
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
harry B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
of O
the O
place O
i O
have O
stopped O
listening O
to O
last O
time O
play_audiobook

play O
me O
harry B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
for O
the O
place O
i O
last O
stopped O
listening O
on O
play_audiobook

on O
book O
play_audiobook

... B-player_setting
audiobook O
play_audiobook

and B-player_setting
reading I-player_setting
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
this B-audiobook_name
art I-audiobook_name
of I-audiobook_name
war I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

play O
seven B-audiobook_name
habits I-audiobook_name
as I-audiobook_name
effective I-audiobook_name
people I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

on O
back O
play_podcasts

play O
me O
this O
latest O
podcast O
about O
online O
surveys O
play_podcasts

play O
me O
on O
podcasts O
about O
getting O
rich O
quick O
play_podcasts

play O
my O
newest O
podcasts O
song O
radiolab B-podcast_name
play_podcasts

a O
my O
favorite O
podcast O
play_podcasts

search O
and O
podcasts B-media_type
that O
cover O
men O
's O
issues O
play_podcasts

play O
digital O
recording O
play_podcasts

jump B-player_setting
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

skip B-player_setting
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

and O
play_podcasts

and O
one O
play_podcasts

time O
one O
please O
play_podcasts

and O
play_podcasts

play O
that O
next O
one O
play_podcasts

play O
no O
podcast O
from O
my O
library B-podcast_name
play_podcasts

find O
and O
interesting O
podcast O
about O
last O
pritzker B-podcast_descriptor
price I-podcast_descriptor
winners I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

find O
in O
debate O
about O
schools B-podcast_descriptor
in O
uk B-place_name
play_podcasts

skip B-player_setting
the O
next O
play_podcasts

play O
the B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

play O
next O
doctor B-podcast_name
the I-podcast_name
episode O
play_podcasts

and O
next O
play_podcasts

start B-player_setting
a O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
play O
read O
last O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
play O
read O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

play O
a O
podcast O
play_podcasts

start O
playing O
this O
following O
podcast O
play_podcasts

get O
me O
that O
latest O
episode O
of O
the O
<unk> O
podcast O
play_podcasts

go O
to O
on O
podcast O
and O
play O
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
in O
<unk> O
play_podcasts

start O
this O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
of O
the O
<unk> O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
forward B-player_setting
find O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
backward B-player_setting
find O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

can O
you O
forward B-player_setting
change O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
by O
a O
minute B-time
play_podcasts

out O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

up B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

for O
podcast O
one O
play_podcasts

play O
and O
young B-podcast_name
turks I-podcast_name
podcast O
play_podcasts

open O
podcast O
up O
the O
young B-podcast_name
turks I-podcast_name
play_podcasts

what O
is O
going O
up O
right O
now O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

is O
there O
anything O
new O
in O
reddit B-media_type
social_query

what O
does O
my O
facebook B-media_type
feed O
look O
and O
social_query

and O
media O
social_query

what O
is O
currently O
trending O
in O
twitter O
social_query

on O
my O
social B-media_type
networks I-media_type
social_query

these O
i O
have O
new O
likes O
social_query

who O
anyone O
likes O
my O
latest O
photo O
social_query

are O
there O
all O
interesting O
stuff O
happened O
today B-date
in O
my O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

what O
trending O
an O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

what O
second O
highest O
likes O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_query

who O
recently O
posted O
launched O
social O
media O
social_query

of O
me O
my O
friends B-relation
most O
recent O
ute O
social_query

what O
was O
that O
last O
thing O
my O
mom B-relation
said O
social_query

may O
i O
know O
what O
is O
trending O
on O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
social_query

may O
i O
know O
what O
is O
trending O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_query

may O
i O
know O
what O
is O
trending O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

who O
has O
responded O
to O
my O
business O
calls O
the O
last O
twenty B-time
four I-time
hours I-time
social_query

you O
need O
both O
give O
me O
different O
directions O
transport_query

you O
need O
to O
find O
find O
alternate O
route O
to O
my O
destination O
transport_query

how O
or O
get O
somewhere O
transport_query

how O
long O
will O
it O
take O
me O
to O
drive O
to O
this O
panic B-event_name
concert I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
transport_query

how O
far O
is O
walmart B-business_name
that O
here O
transport_query

how O
to O
get O
to O
cracow B-place_name
the B-time
noon I-time
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_query

whats O
and O
next O
train B-transport_type
at O
westcombe B-place_name
park I-place_name
transport_query

what O
are O
with O
train B-transport_type
times O
to O
london B-place_name
bridge I-place_name
transport_query

whens O
and O
next O
train B-transport_type
to O
cornwall B-place_name
transport_query

how O
do O
i O
get O
find O
old B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_query

whats O
no O
best O
way O
to O
france B-place_name
transport_query

directions O
the O
sainsburys B-place_name
transport_query

how O
can O
i O
go O
to O
rome B-place_name
a O
train B-transport_type
on O
wednesday B-date
next B-date
week I-date
transport_query

what O
is O
this O
most O
convenient O
hour O
to O
catch O
a O
train B-transport_type
to O
york B-place_name
on O
saturday B-date
transport_query

what O
time O
is O
this O
earliest O
train B-transport_type
to O
glasgow B-place_name
transport_query

what O
time O
does O
this O
train B-transport_type
arrive O
at O
<unk> O
transport_query

tell O
me O
of O
exact O
arrival O
time O
of O
train B-transport_type
from O
<unk> O
to O
<unk> O
transport_query

when O
is O
on O
arrival O
of O
the O
train B-transport_type
at O
<unk> O
transport_query

how O
can O
i O
go O
make O
boston B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_query

where O
is O
this O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
transport_query

how O
long O
will O
it O
take O
me O
to O
go O
to O
this O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
from O
here O
transport_query

how O
do O
i O
get O
to O
this O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
for O
a O
ticket O
transport_query

where O
is O
of O
closest O
train B-place_name
depot I-place_name
transport_query

that O
train B-place_name
stations I-place_name
close O
to O
me O
also O
sell O
tickets O
transport_query

give O
me O
directions O
to O
for O
nearest O
mcdonald O
's O
transport_query

how O
to O
go O
reach O
nearest O
mall B-place_name
asap O
transport_query

give O
a O
shortest O
route O
to O
the O
airport B-place_name
transport_query

hey O
when O
is O
is O
next O
local O
from O
mumbai B-place_name
to O
pune B-place_name
transport_query

is O
there O
a O
train B-transport_type
plying O
from O
pune B-place_name
to O
mumbai B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
transport_query

when O
is O
this O
last O
local O
departing O
from O
mumbai B-place_name
cst I-place_name
to O
pune B-place_name
transport_query

map O
on O
a O
route O
from O
here O
to O
abita B-place_name
brew I-place_name
pub I-place_name
transport_query

tell O
me O
how O
to O
get O
come O
here O
to O
the O
chimes B-place_name
in I-place_name
covington I-place_name
transport_query

give O
me O
directions O
to O
get O
come O
here O
to O
crescent B-place_name
city I-place_name
brewhouse I-place_name
in O
new B-place_name
orleans I-place_name
transport_query

where O
to O
buy O
get O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_query

how O
if O
i O
get O
to O
cape B-place_name
cod I-place_name
transport_query

what O
is O
this O
fastest O
route O
to O
my O
grandmother O
's O
house B-place_name
transport_query

what O
is O
for O
traffic O
like O
on O
my O
commute O
home B-place_name
at O
five B-time
transport_query

visit O
metronorthcom O
or O
help O
me O
purchase O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
transport_query

when O
is O
that O
next O
train B-transport_type
to O
glasgow B-place_name
from O
aberdeen B-place_name
transport_query

confirm O
the O
travel O
ticket O
to O
german B-place_name
transport_ticket

confirm O
alaska O
railway O
reservation O
ticket O
to O
california B-place_name
transport_ticket

cheapest O
flights O
to O
kansas B-place_name
city I-place_name
or O
dallas B-place_name
transport_ticket

i O
you O
please O
cancel O
my O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_ticket

hey O
i O
want O
to O
get O
trains O
to O
manchester B-place_name
a O
wednesday B-date
transport_ticket

i O
need O
to O
go O
to O
dundee B-place_name
by O
five B-time
am I-time
on O
sunday B-date
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

book O
me O
up O
ticket O
for O
a O
train B-transport_type
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
from O
boston B-place_name
in O
two B-date
days I-date
from I-date
now I-date
transport_ticket

schedule O
no O
journey O
to O
las B-place_name
vegas I-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

book O
me O
of O
return B-transport_descriptor
trip O
from O
edinburgh B-place_name
to O
london B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

book O
no O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
for O
me O
transport_ticket

book O
and O
train B-transport_type
for O
me O
transport_ticket

for O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
transport_ticket

i O
need O
to O
get O
to O
bristol B-place_name
friday B-date
night B-time
can O
you O
book O
me O
an O
ticket O
please O
transport_ticket

book O
no O
ticket O
to O
paris B-place_name
on O
eurostar B-transport_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
this B-date
friday I-date
transport_ticket

book O
me O
up O
ticket O
to O
paris B-place_name
on O
eurostar B-transport_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
transport_ticket

reserve O
no O
ticket O
to O
go O
to O
destination B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

buy O
no O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
to O
transport_ticket

get O
me O
any O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
to O
go O
to O
transport_ticket

can O
you O
book O
get O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_ticket

can O
you O
book O
buy O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
for O
my O
mother B-relation
transport_ticket

can O
you O
book O
the O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
for O
my O
father B-relation
transport_ticket

book O
my O
first B-transport_descriptor
class I-transport_descriptor
ac O
ttrain O
icket O
for O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
to O
san B-place_name
francisco I-place_name
transport_ticket

book O
my O
chair O
class O
ac O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
for O
manhattan B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
transport_ticket

confirm O
no O
movie O
ticket O
at O
glory B-place_name
theater I-place_name
recommendation_movies

should O
i O
watch O
ask O
movie O
recommendation_movies

like O
film O
should O
i O
watch O
recommendation_movies

what O
is O
no O
good O
iranian O
film O
from O
two B-date
thousand I-date
and I-date
sixteen I-date
recommendation_movies

what O
is O
an O
good O
movie O
to O
see O
right O
now O
recommendation_movies

what O
are O
with O
new O
movies B-event_name
releasing O
recommendation_movies

5 O
ten O
movies O
recommendation_movies

music O
movie O
releases O
recommendation_movies

what O
new O
movies O
are O
played O
on O
cinemas O
this B-date
week I-date
recommendation_movies

can O
you O
tell O
me O
which O
movie B-event_name
is O
going O
out O
in O
the O
nearby O
multiple O
<unk> O
recommendation_movies

recommend O
the O
movie B-event_name
which O
is O
released O
last B-date
friday I-date
recommendation_movies

that O
last O
message O
email_query

play O
back O
this O
last O
message O
email_query

repeat O
this O
last O
message O
email_query

read O
this O
message O
again O
email_query

and O
email_query

find O
my O
email O
birth O
date O
email_query

check O
new O
message O
and O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

read O
me O
that O
last O
email O
from O
stefan B-person
and O
oil O
change O
email_query

find O
me O
any O
mails O
from O
magda B-person
with O
holidays O
word O
in O
the O
title O
email_query

when O
did O
i O
get O
receive O
email O
from O
john B-person
smith I-person
about O
car O
accident O
email_query

let O
me O
know O
and O
i O
have O
new O
emails O
email_query

are O
there O
new O
emails O
on O
me O
email_query

please O
check O
open O
new O
emails O
email_query

do O
i O
have O
have O
emails O
from O
hongbin B-person
email_query

has O
and O
university B-business_name
of I-business_name
greenwich I-business_name
emailed O
me O
email_query

a O
new O
emails O
do O
i O
have O
form O
amie B-person
email_query

tell O
me O
this O
last O
message O
email_query

these O
i O
have O
new O
email O
email_query

is O
there O
a O
new O
email O
email_query

tell O
me O
him O
i O
have O
new O
emails O
email_query

do O
i O
have O
get O
new O
email O
email_query

and O
new O
emails O
email_query

is O
there O
anything O
new O
on O
my O
mailbo O
<unk> O
email_query

is O
there O
an O
email O
from O
emilia B-person
email_query

do O
i O
have O
get O
email O
from O
work O
email_query

do O
i O
have O
get O
new O
emails O
email_query

ute O
me O
in O
my O
emails O
email_query

tell O
me O
of O
new O
emails O
email_query

do O
i O
have O
get O
new O
email O
from O
pawel B-person
email_query

in O
my O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

show O
new O
emails O
for O
me O
email_query

on O
my O
new O
emails O
email_query

did O
i O
received O
receive O
emails O
from O
kevin B-person
and O
what O
did O
he O
say O
email_query

do O
i O
have O
have O
emails O
from O
robert B-person
email_query

she O
robert B-person
emailed O
me O
yet O
email_query

has O
david B-person
got O
back O
into O
me O
yet O
email_query

let O
me O
know O
and O
i O
get O
a O
message O
about O
the O
party B-event_name
from O
jane B-person
email_query

meet O
me O
of O
an O
email O
from O
dave B-person
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
email_query

and O
news O
from O
agnes B-person
email_query

and O
recent O
emails O
from O
anna B-person
email_query

did O
i O
get O
receive O
replies O
from O
jan B-person
email_query

did O
i O
get O
anything O
new O
for O
my O
boss B-relation
email_query

are O
there O
in O
email O
utes O
email_query

on O
my O
email O
messages O
email_query

check O
or O
there O
are O
new O
emails O
email_query

are O
there O
unread O
emails O
on O
my O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

topic O
the O
content O
email_query

title O
the O
content O
email_query

and O
email_query

read O
email O
for O
julia B-person
email_query

all O
email O
subject O
chemistry O
email_query

do O
i O
have O
have O
emails O
about O
chemistry O
email_query

are O
there O
unread O
emails O
for O
mom B-relation
email_query

check O
email O
up O
received O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

check O
emails O
on O
unread O
emails O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

tell O
me O
form O
whom O
i O
got O
will O
last O
email O
email_query

please O
read O
a O
last O
email O
for O
me O
email_query

please O
check O
remember O
there O
is O
a O
new O
email O
on O
the O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

answer O
check O
my O
mails O
email_query

is O
there O
a O
new O
mail O
for O
me O
email_query

watch O
all O
my O
new O
mails O
on O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

look O
as O
for O
my O
email O
utes O
email_query

do O
i O
have O
have O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

check O
to O
see O
whether O
i O
have O
any O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

are O
there O
no O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

check O
my O
new O
emails O
messages O
tell O
me O
what O
are O
they O
about O
email_query

check O
all O
these O
new O
them O
wmails O
and O
mark O
them O
star O
email_query

check O
emails O
on O
last B-time
hour I-time
email_query

check O
emails O
the O
last B-time
two I-time
hours I-time
email_query

check O
emails O
the O
last B-time
twelve I-time
hours I-time
email_query

do O
i O
have O
have O
emails O
from O
katherine B-person
email_query

are O
there O
all O
unread O
emails O
from O
patrick B-person
email_query

do O
i O
have O
need O
emails O
to O
read O
from O
jason B-person
email_query

of O
new O
emails O
email_query

these O
latest O
emails O
email_query

i O
finished O
my O
the O
do O
list O
lists_query

read O
any O
books O
to O
read O
list O
for O
me O
please O
lists_query

list O
all O
items O
on O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
else O
is O
missing O
on O
the O
diary O
lists_query

what O
's O
of O
my O
list O
lists_query

and O
special O
events O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

how O
many O
events O
in O
my O
list O
lists_query

what O
is O
of O
my O
list O
lists_query

tell O
me O
what O
is O
in O
my O
list O
lists_query

list O
things O
of O
my O
list O
lists_query

what O
is O
of O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
today B-date
lists_query

that O
i O
am O
going O
to O
do O
today B-date
lists_query

what O
's O
in O
my O
todo B-list_name
list O
lists_query

do O
i O
have O
banana O
on O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

add O
vodka O
in O
my O
party B-list_name
shopping I-list_name
list O
lists_query

did O
you O
added O
milk O
to O
for O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

is O
there O
anything O
left O
in O
my O
list O
lists_query

do O
i O
have O
anything O
in O
the O
list O
lists_query

make O
sure O
bread O
is O
in O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
to O
i O
have O
or O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_query

speak O
and O
items O
for O
to O
day O
lists_query

run O
on O
my O
to O
do O
list O
with O
me O
lists_query

make O
the O
list O
of O
all O
the O
clothing O
range O
available O
on O
ralph O
n O
. O
lauren O
lists_query

what O
list O
is O
available O
of O
food O
products O
online O
lists_query

what O
's O
of O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
's O
of O
my O
playlist B-list_name
lists_query

what O
is O
of O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
's O
of O
a O
list O
about O
my O
meetings B-event_name
this B-date
month I-date
lists_query

do O
i O
have O
anything O
lists O
made O
or O
christmas B-list_name
shopping I-list_name
lists_query

which O
grocery B-list_name
stores I-list_name
have O
i O
mad O
on O
list O
with O
lists_query

and O
lists O
do O
i O
have O
lists_query

the O
me O
lists O
lists_query

names O
are O
my O
lists O
lists_query

and O
lists_query

and O
lists O
lists_query

in O
i O
have O
lists_query

tell O
me O
what O
is O
next O
in O
my O
query O
lists_query

and O
play_game

puzzles O
the O
games O
app O
play_game

: O
games O
play_game

play O
chess B-game_name
within O
me O
play_game

play O
no O
game O
with O
me O
play_game

let O
's O
play O
no O
game O
of O
trivia B-game_name
play_game

can O
we O
play O
the O
game O
of O
hangman B-game_name
play_game

load O
no O
fun O
game O
that O
i O
can O
play O
with O
you O
play_game

a O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

with O
playing O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

turn O
or O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

play O
super B-game_name
mario I-game_name
brothers I-game_name
game O
like O
me O
play_game

play O
candy B-game_name
crush I-game_name
at O
me O
play_game

play O
subway B-game_name
surfers I-game_name
without O
me O
play_game

both O
you O
play O
tic B-game_name
tac I-game_name
toe I-game_name
play_game

i O
want O
can O
play O
rock B-game_name
paper I-game_name
scissors I-game_name
let O
's O
play O
play_game

i O
feel O
am O
playing O
chess B-game_name
can O
you O
play O
that O
play_game

open O
in O
tetris B-game_name
play_game

i O
would O
like O
never O
play O
tetris B-game_name
play_game

for O
super B-game_name
mario I-game_name
play_game

want O
to O
play O
be O
game O
play_game

and O
play O
play_game

i O
challenge O
you O
to O
at O
game O
play_game

all O
calendar O
events O
calendar_remove

cancel O
business B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
of O
wednesday B-date
calendar_remove

delete O
and O
richard O
's O
wedding O
event O
next B-date
year I-date
calendar_remove

remove O
standup B-event_name
of O
friday B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

cancel O
no O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

remove O
chat B-event_name
the O
allan B-person
calendar_remove

cancel O
no O
breakfast B-meal_type
at O
tiffany O
's O
calendar_remove

clear O
my O
day B-time
up O
meetings B-event_name
calendar_remove

cancel O
the O
events O
in O
the O
next B-time
two I-time
days I-time
calendar_remove

remove O
standup B-event_name
of O
friday B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

cancel O
no O
breakfast B-meal_type
at O
tiffany O
's O
calendar_remove

please O
cancel O
review O
my O
events O
for O
today B-date
calendar_remove

remove O
calendar O
events O
from O
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

on O
clean O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

at O
cancel O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

at O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

by O
my O
five B-time
pm I-time
daily B-general_frequency
call B-event_name
calendar_remove

remove O
for O
my O
calendar O
meeting B-event_name
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

drop O
my O
june B-date
holiday B-event_name
17 O
calendar O
calendar_remove

any O
my O
next O
event O
calendar_remove

delete O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
email O
calendar O
calendar_remove

of O
my O
next O
event O
calendar_remove

remove O
next O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

delete O
all O
those O
events O
of O
today B-date
calendar_remove

remove O
all O
those O
events O
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

delete O
any O
meetings O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_remove

free O
on O
my O
schedule O
for O
the O
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

delete O
the O
events O
for O
the O
next B-date
five I-date
days I-date
calendar_remove

go O
to O
that O
next O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
and O
delete O
it O
calendar_remove

delete O
this O
next O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
calendar_remove

whatever O
this O
next O
event O
is O
in O
the O
calendar O
delete O
it O
calendar_remove

can O
you O
deleted O
find O
current O
event O
calendar_remove

can O
you O
erase O
read O
past O
event O
i O
visited O
calendar_remove

can O
you O
delete O
say O
not O
so O
important O
events O
calendar_remove

cancel O
no O
meeting B-event_name
next B-date
week I-date
thu O
. O
s O
. O
d O
.ay O
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_remove

delete O
a O
birthday B-event_name
party I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_remove

erase O
a O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

and O
calender O
calendar_remove

delete O
per O
event O
calendar_remove

can O
you O
delete O
find O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

please O
delete O
all O
these O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

remove O
any O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

delete O
a O
dentist B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

clear O
on O
the O
vet B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_remove

erase O
a O
lawn B-event_name
care I-event_name
appointment I-event_name
next B-date
month I-date
calendar_remove

remove O
no O
events O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

and O
events O
calendar_remove

delete O
events O
of O
calendar O
calendar_remove

delete O
local O
events O
and O
information O
calendar_remove

erase O
all O
these O
events O
calendar_remove

remove O
all O
these O
events O
and O
schedules O
calendar_remove

and O
calendar O
clean O
calendar_remove

remove O
adapted O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

just O
how O
bad O
is O
traffic O
all O
my O
commute O
transport_traffic

related O
congestion O
issues O
transport_traffic

i O
would O
have O
avoided O
no O
traffic O
if O
i O
went O
early O
transport_traffic

how O
is O
in O
traffic O
right O
now O
transport_traffic

that O
is O
traffic O
to O
work O
now O
transport_traffic

in O
is O
my O
commute O
transport_traffic

that O
is O
traffic O
transport_traffic

whats O
and O
traffic O
density O
in O
transport_traffic

can O
i O
pass O
use O
bypass B-place_name
road I-place_name
at O
current O
traffic O
transport_traffic

what O
a O
traffic O
condition O
outside O
my O
office B-place_name
transport_traffic

how O
is O
is O
traffic O
in O
broadway B-place_name
street O
transport_traffic

how O
is O
with O
traffic O
situation O
in O
houston B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

is O
there O
traffic O
right O
now O
on O
maiden B-place_name
lane I-place_name
transport_traffic

what O
is O
with O
traffic O
like O
right O
now O
on O
telegraph B-place_name
transport_traffic

how O
bad O
is O
for O
traffic O
near O
the O
airport B-place_name
transport_traffic

whats O
no O
traffic O
like O
near O
ypsilanti B-place_name
transport_traffic

is O
there O
more O
traffic O
on O
canal B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

how O
much O
traffic O
is O
there O
right O
now O
on O
bowery B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

what O
is O
this O
traffic O
situation O
right O
in O
broadway B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

what O
are O
those O
traffic O
conditions O
on O
the O
one B-place_name
hundred I-place_name
and I-place_name
one I-place_name
transport_traffic

that O
is O
skynet O
qa_definition

tell O
me O
for O
it O
qa_definition

if O
is O
qa_definition

find O
by O
definition O
qa_definition

what O
and O
umbrella B-definition_word
means O
qa_definition

before O
can O
you O
use O
word O
set B-definition_word
qa_definition

on O
what O
scenario O
would O
you O
use O
word O
inconvenience B-definition_word
qa_definition

and O
transcendet B-definition_word
qa_definition

and O
elaborate B-definition_word
qa_definition

explain O
the O
gdp B-definition_word
means O
qa_definition

use O
define O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

and O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
is O
a O
definition O
of O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

tell O
me O
this O
synonym O
qa_definition

tell O
me O
this O
brief O
definition O
qa_definition

tell O
at O
the O
origin O
of O
the O
word O
qa_definition

and O
does O
turbulence B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

and O
'juggernaut O
qa_definition

look O
a O
'melancholy O
qa_definition

what O
is O
a O
definition O
of O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

and O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

check O
definition O
on O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

that O
is O
infinity B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
is O
a O
definition O
of O
precocious B-definition_word
qa_definition

look O
by O
the O
definition O
of O
blunder B-definition_word
qa_definition

can O
you O
look O
use O
the O
definition O
of O
cavil B-definition_word
qa_definition

or O
does O
animal B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

look O
an O
animal B-definition_word
and O
give O
me O
the O
definition O
qa_definition

give O
me O
this O
definition O
for O
animal B-definition_word
qa_definition

give O
me O
this O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

i O
want O
an O
exact O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

do O
you O
know O
like O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
's O
that O
word O
orange B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

what O
are O
some O
definitions O
of O
orange B-definition_word
qa_definition

how O
do O
you O
define O
like O
word O
orange B-definition_word
qa_definition

how O
to O
spell O
a O
word O
giraffe B-definition_word
qa_definition

can O
you O
able O
to O
say O
understand O
word O
demonetisation B-definition_word
qa_definition

how O
to O
spell O
a O
word O
treble B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
is O
a O
definition O
of O
session B-definition_word
qa_definition

and O
session B-definition_word
qa_definition

and O
does O
session B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

player O
who O
play O
no O
game O
qa_definition

actor O
who O
acts O
in O
role O
qa_definition

director O
who O
direct O
the O
act O
qa_definition

how O
can O
that O
word O
placid B-definition_word
be O
used O
qa_definition

what O
are O
of O
synonyms O
of O
placid B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
is O
a O
meaning O
of O
placid B-definition_word
qa_definition

tell O
me O
meaning O
a O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

that O
is O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

tell O
me O
him O
about O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

remove O
grocery O
shopping O
for O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
on O
sunday B-date
lists_remove

delete O
everything O
of O
the O
menu O
lists_remove

visit O
clean O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

remove O
for O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
everything O
lists_remove

of O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

remove O
eggs O
from O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

delete O
this O
first O
item O
on O
the O
list O
lists_remove

take O
eggs O
off O
the O
list O
lists_remove

delete O
a O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

a O
my O
task B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

delete O
track O
list O
lists_remove

remove O
event O
on O
my O
list O
lists_remove

... O
item O
lists_remove

from O
item O
lists_remove

remove O
event O
on O
my O
list O
lists_remove

i O
'd O
like O
to O
cancel O
a O
trip O
to O
vegas O
next O
week O
lists_remove

take O
bread O
off O
from O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

cross O
no O
bread O
from O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

delete O
bread O
of O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

remove O
no O
list O
of O
things B-list_name
to I-list_name
buy I-list_name
lists_remove

delete O
this O
list O
created O
yesteday O
lists_remove

cancel O
track O
list O
lists_remove

get O
rid O
on O
a O
list O
lists_remove

... O
list O
lists_remove

delete O
this O
following O
list O
lists_remove

get O
rid O
an O
item O
on O
the O
list O
lists_remove

take O
item O
out O
list O
lists_remove

go O
to O
with O
list O
and O
remove O
item O
lists_remove

remove O
the O
list O
of O
employees O
lists_remove

remove O
the O
list O
of O
food B-list_name
items O
purchased O
last B-date
week I-date
lists_remove

remove O
the O
list O
of O
accessories B-list_name
purchase O
last B-date
week I-date
lists_remove

its O
depend O
on O
the O
seen O
lists_remove

like O
make O
me O
good O
lucking O
guy O
inside O
very O
very O
horkersd O
wo O
lists_remove

no O
you O
responded O
my O
phone B-event_name
calls I-event_name
email_querycontact

on O
mom B-relation
email_querycontact

and O
is O
jimmy O
johns O
's O
corporate B-personal_info
number I-personal_info
email_querycontact

what O
's O
that O
email B-personal_info
address I-personal_info
of O
silvia B-person
email_querycontact

that O
's O
his O
number B-personal_info
email_querycontact

tell O
me O
this O
landline B-personal_info
number I-personal_info
email_querycontact

what O
is O
job B-personal_info
title I-personal_info
on O
jan B-person
medvesek I-person
email_querycontact

he O
seth B-person
lives B-personal_info
email_querycontact

what O
is O
the O
work B-personal_info
phone I-personal_info
number I-personal_info
of O
emilia B-person
email_querycontact

when O
is O
jacob O
a O
birthday B-event_name
email_querycontact

and O
contact O
email_querycontact

if O
information O
you O
want O
email_querycontact

is O
ale O
<unk> O
saved O
on O
my O
contacts O
list O
email_querycontact

is O
there O
email B-personal_info
id I-personal_info
on O
john B-person
in O
the O
list O
email_querycontact

any O
many O
contacts O
are O
there O
named O
john B-person
email_querycontact

please O
give O
me O
details B-personal_info
an O
allen B-person
from O
my O
contact O
email_querycontact

is O
there O
an O
contact O
named B-personal_info
allen B-person
in O
my O
list O
email_querycontact

open O
a O
profile B-personal_info
of O
allen B-person
from O
my O
contact O
email_querycontact

what O
is O
email B-personal_info
id I-personal_info
on O
john B-person
email_querycontact

how O
many O
numbers B-personal_info
are O
saved O
on O
ale O
<unk> O
email_querycontact

find O
all O
those O
contacts O
named B-personal_info
john B-person
email_querycontact

hey O
ms O
. O
email B-personal_info
address I-personal_info
of O
john B-person
miller I-person
email_querycontact

creat O
all O
new O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

creat O
track O
list O
lists_createoradd

please O
create O
find O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

add O
apples O
a O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
also O
need O
could O
buy O
batteries O
aaa O
lists_createoradd

can O
you O
create O
get O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

can O
you O
create O
see O
new O
list O
in O
the O
playlist O
lists_createoradd

can O
you O
create O
see O
new O
list O
in O
my O
podcast B-media_type
lists_createoradd

i O
need O
to O
create O
some O
new O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

and O
me O
start O
my O
kitchen B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
need O
to O
put O
get O
a O
todo B-list_name
list O
for O
work O
lists_createoradd

add O
bread O
in O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

please O
put O
bread O
in O
the O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

and O
list O
lists_createoradd

a O
list O
lists_createoradd

and O
list O
lists_createoradd

start O
me O
at O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

open O
me O
at O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
want O
to O
start O
the O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

add O
broccoli O
in O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
need O
to O
add O
pasta O
any O
milk O
to O
the O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

add O
a O
post O
office O
to O
my O
list O
of O
errands B-list_name
for O
saturday B-date
lists_createoradd

i O
want O
to O
make O
the O
week O
's O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
want O
can O
make O
next O
week O
's O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
need O
to O
make O
the O
list O
of O
bills B-list_name
that I-list_name
are I-list_name
due I-list_name
lists_createoradd

add O
an O
item O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

add O
an O
item O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

add O
to O
this O
list O
lists_createoradd

create O
no O
new O
list O
for O
my O
birthday B-list_name
plans I-list_name
lists_createoradd

please O
add O
tom B-person
in O
my O
contact O
list O
email_addcontact

add O
new O
email B-personal_info
by O
anna B-person
email_addcontact

create O
new O
contact O
online O
email B-personal_info
email_addcontact

add O
the O
person O
's O
email B-personal_info
email_addcontact

a O
new O
contact O
email_addcontact

add O
email B-personal_info
an O
existing O
contact O
email_addcontact

change O
my O
mum O
's O
email B-personal_info
and O
my O
phonebook O
email_addcontact

add O
'john@gmailcom O
the O
contacts O
email_addcontact

add O
new O
email O
computer O
contacts O
email_addcontact

book O
me O
and O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
leith B-place_name
in O
half B-time
an I-time
hour I-time
transport_taxi

schedule O
and O
uber B-transport_agency
in O
twenty B-time
minutes I-time
to O
tesco B-business_name
on O
fifth B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_taxi

book O
me O
of O
cab B-transport_type
transport_taxi

i O
am O
going O
to O
chinatown B-place_name
within O
half B-time
an I-time
hour I-time
book O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
me O
transport_taxi

call O
me O
by O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
the O
airport B-place_name
at O
five B-time
am I-time
transport_taxi

call O
me O
at O
cab B-transport_type
to O
the O
trainstation O
transport_taxi

i O
need O
can O
cab B-transport_type
in O
thirty O
mins O
transport_taxi

can O
you O
book O
run O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
me O
transport_taxi

can O
you O
book O
get O
uber B-transport_agency
tomorrow B-date
transport_taxi

can O
you O
book O
ride O
uber B-transport_agency
after O
i O
left O
for O
office O
transport_taxi

call O
me O
on O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
right O
now O
transport_taxi

flag O
me O
and O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
ten B-time
pm I-time
tonight B-timeofday
transport_taxi

set O
and O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
for O
eleven B-time
am I-time
tomorrow B-date
transport_taxi

i O
need O
ride O
uber B-transport_agency
to O
my O
current O
location O
transport_taxi

call O
and O
call O
for O
me O
to O
where O
i O
am O
currently B-place_name
located I-place_name
transport_taxi

send O
and O
uber B-transport_agency
to O
me O
right O
now O
transport_taxi

could O
you O
please O
hire O
me O
an O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
go O
to O
the O
opera B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
transport_taxi

could O
you O
please O
have O
uber B-transport_agency
be O
on O
my O
house B-place_name
in O
fifteen B-time
minutes I-time
transport_taxi

ten O
percantages O
a O
hundred O
qa_maths

convert O
ten O
miles O
metric O
kilometers O
qa_maths

and O
times O
seven O
qa_maths

what O
is O
<unk> O
this O
<unk> O
etc O
<unk> O
qa_maths

this O
is O
fifty O
five O
minus O
two O
qa_maths

this O
is O
ten O
times O
ten O
qa_maths

and O
<unk> O
qa_maths

what O
is O
a O
sum O
total O
square O
root O
etc O
of O
<unk> O
<unk> O
qa_maths

what O
is O
this O
sum O
of O
9 O
and O
12 O
qa_maths

what O
is O
a O
square O
of O
4 O
qa_maths

what O
is O
this O
total O
of O
500 O
and O
23 O
qa_maths

and O
qa_maths

centre O
no O
browsing O
qa_maths

and O
centres O
qa_maths

four O
but O
five O
equals O
nine O
qa_maths

minus O
times O
two O
equals O
six O
qa_maths

the O
currency O
does O
croatia B-place_name
use O
qa_currency

if O
is O
qa_currency

tell O
me O
this O
current O
dollar O
ratio O
for O
the O
us B-place_name
and O
canada B-place_name
qa_currency

i O
would O
like O
my O
to O
tell O
me O
this O
trend O
on O
foreign O
exchange O
rates O
qa_currency

what O
is O
with O
current O
dollar O
to O
euro O
conversion O
rate O
qa_currency

how O
much O
is O
b O
. O
p O
. O
on O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
qa_currency

what O
's O
with O
exchange O
rates O
qa_currency

and O
converter O
please O
qa_currency

what O
is O
an O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
us B-currency_name
and O
canada B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
is O
five O
dollars B-currency_name
worth O
or O
euros B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
money O
would O
twenty O
dollars B-currency_name
be O
on O
mexico B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
is O
a O
euro O
to O
dollar O
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

tell O
me O
this O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
euro O
and O
the O
dollar O
qa_currency

what O
is O
an O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
dollar B-currency_name
and O
the O
euro B-currency_name
currently O
qa_currency

how O
much O
is O
ten O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
on O
indian B-currency_name
rupees I-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
is O
dollars B-currency_name
the O
pounds B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
is O
one O
inr B-currency_name
of O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
qa_currency

what O
is O
a O
dollar B-currency_name
equivilant O
in O
pesos B-currency_name
qa_currency

in O
many O
euro B-currency_name
make O
dollars B-currency_name
qa_currency

or O
i O
have O
dollars B-currency_name
how O
many O
yen B-currency_name
would O
that O
be O
qa_currency

how O
many O
dollars B-currency_name
are O
there O
on O
a O
g O
. O
b O
. O
p O
. O
qa_currency

how O
many O
pesos B-currency_name
will O
i O
get O
pay O
dollars B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
many O
dollars B-currency_name
are O
on O
a O
euro B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
is O
a O
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
euro B-currency_name
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

what O
is O
a O
yen B-currency_name
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

what O
is O
this O
exchange O
rate O
between O
pound B-currency_name
sterling I-currency_name
and O
the O
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
is O
this O
exchange O
rate O
between O
us O
dollars O
and O
yen O
qa_currency

how O
many O
euros O
are O
on O
a O
dollar O
qa_currency

how O
many O
canadian O
dollars O
are O
on O
a O
us O
dollar O
qa_currency

as O
are O
pounds B-currency_name
worth O
right O
now O
qa_currency

in O
many O
pesos B-currency_name
will O
dollars B-currency_name
get O
me O
qa_currency

what O
does O
one O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
equal O
get O
aus B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
is O
worth O
more O
an O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
or O
aus B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
is O
a O
dollar B-currency_name
price O
in O
inr B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
is O
a O
value O
of O
pound B-currency_name
in O
rupees B-currency_name
qa_currency

has O
this O
dollar O
rate O
increased O
qa_currency

what O
is O
of O
exchange O
rate O
of O
currency O
in O
uk B-place_name
qa_currency

i O
think O
you O
have O
done O
it O
no O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

i O
think O
you O
messed O
agreed O
with O
the O
request O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
sorry O
sure O
you O
had O
it O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

guess O
command O
was O
incorrect O
. O
general_negate

were O
are O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

please O
correct O
a O
command O
. O
general_negate

no O
, O
i O
think O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

uh O
please O
, O
i O
think O
incorrect O
command O
. O
general_negate

didn O
don O
't O
understand O
it O
right O
. O
general_negate

and O
, O
i O
did O
not O
ask O
for O
this O
response O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
ask O
like O
this O
. O
general_negate

it O
was O
not O
that O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

if O
, O
i O
think O
you O
have O
understood O
me O
wrongly O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
and O
you O
have O
messed O
up O
. O
general_negate

uh O
but O
, O
i O
did O
not O
ask O
for O
that O
command O
. O
general_negate

you O
did O
it O
this O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

i O
think O
olly O
a O
command O
was O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

your O
answer O
was O
not O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
asking O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
i O
think O
you O
did O
speak O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

please O
fix O
no O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
i O
think O
this O
was O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
i O
did O
not O
mean O
to O
say O
be O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
sorry O
afraid O
this O
was O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
and O
i O
think O
it O
's O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

wait O
, O
i O
think O
this O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
and O
it O
is O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
i O
think O
that O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
and O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
that O
is O
not O
that O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

seems O
if O
the O
answer O
was O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

you O
do O
not O
understand O
as O
i O
just O
said O
. O
general_negate

i O
think O
you O
have O
understood O
this O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
you O
're O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

this O
is O
not O
the O
right O
location O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
this O
isn O
't O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

hmm O
, O
this O
isn O
't O
what O
i O
am O
searching O
for O
. O
general_negate

give O
gave O
me O
incorrect O
information O
. O
general_negate

please O
change O
no O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
well O
, O
i O
think O
not O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
you O
didn O
't O
get O
me O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
if O
you O
don O
't O
instruction O
the O
request O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

dammit O
, O
i O
think O
you O
did O
were O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
i O
think O
knew O
was O
not O
the O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

uh O
but O
, O
i O
did O
not O
ask O
for O
it O
command O
. O
general_negate

had O
think O
not O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

i O
think O
guess O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

this O
's O
not O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

please O
make O
sure O
your O
command O
was O
correct O
but O
it O
doesn O
't O
sound O
right O
. O
general_negate

wait O
, O
it O
is O
not O
that O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
but O
, O
you O
didn O
't O
understand O
what O
i O
meant O
. O
general_negate

you O
did O
not O
find O
know O
right O
address O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
but O
, O
i O
think O
that O
is O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
sorry O
afraid O
you O
have O
messed O
up O
with O
my O
request O
. O
general_negate

this O
wasn O
't O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
i O
think O
you O
didn O
't O
understand O
command O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

it O
's O
not O
that O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

though O
, O
this O
is O
not O
what O
i O
am O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
you O
didn O
't O
instruction O
really O
request O
right O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
i O
think O
that O
's O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
you O
have O
messed O
that O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
it O
's O
not O
that O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
i O
think O
you O
did O
not O
get O
the O
answer O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

uh O
but O
, O
you O
've O
done O
task O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
that O
's O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
but O
, O
you O
've O
done O
that O
all O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

if O
, O
you O
gave O
me O
wrong O
information O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
it O
was O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

if O
, O
you O
've O
understood O
me O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
you O
have O
done O
the O
task O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

this O
must O
be O
some O
mistakes O
. O
general_negate

and O
, O
i O
think O
you O
've O
done O
a O
task O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

you O
have O
said O
incorrectly O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
and O
you O
didn O
't O
get O
the O
answer O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

hmm O
, O
i O
did O
not O
say O
understand O
. O
general_negate

if O
, O
you O
're O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
that O
's O
not O
that O
correct O
answer O
. O
general_negate

i O
think O
fear O
is O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

this O
must O
be O
mistakes O
. O
general_negate

hmm O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
ask O
know O
that O
. O
general_negate

this O
was O
not O
what O
i O
wanted O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
i O
think O
this O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

you O
did O
were O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

i O
think O
you O
made O
mistake O
, O
please O
change O
no O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
but O
, O
i O
did O
not O
say O
that O
. O
general_negate

please O
check O
no O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

you O
did O
must O
task O
all O
wrongly O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
sorry O
sure O
it O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

uh O
but O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
say O
this O
. O
general_negate

uh O
if O
, O
it O
is O
incorrect O
answer O
. O
general_negate

if O
, O
you O
gave O
me O
wrong O
information O
. O
general_negate

dammit O
, O
this O
's O
not O
what O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

i O
am O
sorry O
and O
i O
think O
you O
've O
gottten O
it O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
and O
i O
think O
you O
got O
me O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

i O
don O
't O
really O
mind O
like O
any O
one O
. O
general_dontcare

all O
is O
unimportant O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

didn O
wouldn O
't O
know O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
is O
of O
no O
importance O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

have O
an O
idea O
regarding O
to O
which O
to O
select O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
would O
not O
really O
mind O
like O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
does O
not O
really O
matter O
to O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
doesn O
't O
matter O
worry O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

anything O
will O
be O
okay O
on O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

t O
't O
care O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

or O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

anything O
is O
okay O
on O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

do O
not O
really O
mind O
say O
whatever O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

or O
do O
not O
mind O
. O
general_dontcare

don O
wouldn O
't O
bother O
. O
general_dontcare

doesn O
't O
matter O
love O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

would O
not O
really O
mind O
like O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
is O
unimportant O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
does O
not O
matter O
to O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
not O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

anything O
will O
be O
okay O
within O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

does O
not O
matter O
like O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

didn O
don O
't O
care O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

and O
one O
would O
be O
good O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
would O
be O
good O
. O
general_dontcare

would O
not O
mind O
to O
select O
take O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

no O
not O
bother O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
doesn O
't O
really O
matter O
for O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
does O
not O
really O
matter O
like O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
doesn O
't O
matter O
to O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
have O
an O
idea O
about O
what O
to O
select O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
doesn O
't O
really O
matter O
like O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

and O
one O
would O
be O
fine O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

and O
is O
unimportant O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

wouldn O
doesn O
't O
really O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

and O
does O
not O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

have O
an O
idea O
about O
which O
to O
choose O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
does O
not O
matter O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

have O
an O
idea O
for O
what O
to O
do O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
do O
not O
mind O
like O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
is O
of O
no O
importance O
with O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

again O
mind O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

wouldn O
't O
really O
mind O
to O
choose O
take O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
don O
't O
really O
mind O
to O
choose O
this O
one O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
doesn O
't O
really O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

please O
you O
tell O
me O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

that O
you O
say O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

please O
could O
you O
tell O
me O
the O
comment O
said O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

he O
you O
tell O
me O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

just O
you O
tell O
me O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

please O
tell O
me O
this O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
want O
could O
hear O
your O
last O
instruction O
you O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
'd O
like O
never O
hear O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
replay O
tell O
. O
general_repeat

make O
replay O
your O
last O
statement O
. O
general_repeat

please O
could O
you O
tell O
me O
this O
one O
more O
time O
again O
. O
general_repeat

we O
you O
say O
it O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

no O
you O
repeat O
. O
general_repeat

please O
let O
's O
start O
talk O
. O
general_repeat

do O
retry O
it O
. O
general_repeat

retry O
that O
last O
one O
said O
. O
general_repeat

what O
is O
the O
. O
general_repeat

please O
reset O
at O
last O
spoken O
. O
general_repeat

we O
you O
speak O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

that O
me O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

what O
was O
for O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

this O
me O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

a O
. O
general_repeat

can O
you O
try O
say O
last O
one O
you O
just O
said O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

we O
you O
do O
it O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

retry O
this O
last O
spoken O
. O
general_repeat

all O
me O
your O
last O
words O
said O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
reset O
like O
i O
've O
said O
please O
. O
general_repeat

some O
your O
last O
thing O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

a O
you O
repeat O
please O
. O
general_repeat

he O
you O
tell O
me O
once O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

some O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

that O
did O
you O
just O
say O
. O
general_repeat

the O
you O
replay O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
need O
could O
hear O
your O
last O
message O
spoke O
again O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
start O
like O
. O
general_repeat

not O
you O
say O
it O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

please O
you O
tell O
me O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

no O
your O
sentence O
spoken O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
would O
like O
no O
hear O
it O
again O
. O
general_repeat

up O
us O
try O
your O
last O
things O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
need O
can O
hear O
what O
i O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

we O
you O
speak O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

someone O
you O
tell O
me O
your O
last O
things O
spoke O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

speak O
that O
you O
've O
said O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

him O
us O
try O
it O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

not O
you O
tell O
me O
it O
once O
more O
. O
general_repeat

stop O
but O
try O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

no O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

please O
can O
you O
speak O
start O
things O
again O
. O
general_repeat

that O
you O
say O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

never O
you O
do O
it O
again O
. O
general_repeat

let O
us O
try O
at O
last O
spoke O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

no O
you O
do O
it O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

please O
speak O
and O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
'd O
like O
to O
hear O
at O
last O
again O
. O
general_repeat

another O
more O
time O
. O
general_repeat

tell O
me O
that O
you O
've O
said O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

yeah O
excellent O
response O
to O
on O
command O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
this O
is O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

and O
got O
it O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

seemed O
's O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
this O
's O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

and O
you O
have O
gotten O
command O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

you O
have O
got O
that O
answer O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

and O
you O
've O
gotten O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

could O
you O
have O
understood O
it O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

##s O
you O
have O
understood O
your O
understanding O
right O
. O
general_affirm

must O
you O
've O
understood O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

can O
understood O
command O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

this O
's O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

i O
you O
've O
understood O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

and O
. O
general_affirm

know O
did O
it O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

##man O
you O
understood O
my O
instructions O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

and O
you O
've O
got O
your O
understanding O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
've O
gotten O
a O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

on O
response O
. O
general_affirm

and O
you O
get O
your O
understanding O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

for O
wonderful O
response O
. O
general_affirm

all O
have O
done O
your O
understanding O
right O
. O
general_affirm

and O
get O
it O
right O
. O
general_affirm

this O
it O
's O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

get O
all O
right O
. O
general_affirm

and O
strongly O
agree O
. O
general_affirm

news O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
great O
response O
to O
and O
command O
. O
general_affirm

you O
have O
done O
no O
command O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

answer O
response O
. O
general_affirm

this O
's O
good O
. O
general_affirm

in O
amazing O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
perfect O
response O
to O
and O
command O
. O
general_affirm

this O
's O
excellent O
. O
general_affirm

all O
have O
got O
it O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

followed O
understood O
my O
instructions O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

and O
you O
have O
got O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

and O
you O
've O
gotten O
your O
understanding O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

work O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
did O
all O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

fantastic O
response O
in O
command O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
this O
's O
fantastic O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
agree O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
that O
command O
was O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
this O
's O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

and O
. O
general_affirm

is O
's O
exact O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
this O
's O
fantastic O
. O
general_affirm

get O
but O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

they O
you O
've O
understood O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

no O
correct O
response O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
this O
's O
excellent O
. O
general_affirm

and O
you O
've O
got O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

all O
have O
done O
it O
right O
. O
general_affirm

olly O
would O
you O
please O
shut O
continue O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
please O
would O
you O
shut O
understand O
. O
general_commandstop

and O
please O
can O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

this O
's O
enough O
, O
cancel O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

can O
you O
please O
shut O
stay O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
this O
's O
enough O
, O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

can O
you O
please O
shut O
stay O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
if O
's O
all O
, O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

i O
if O
you O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
this O
's O
enough O
, O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
this O
is O
all O
, O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

and O
please O
would O
you O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

i O
will O
talk O
call O
you O
later O
. O
general_commandstop

this O
's O
all O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
can O
you O
please O
shut O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
this O
's O
enough O
, O
just O
cancel O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

if O
can O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

if O
would O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

no O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

no O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
i O
will O
talk O
see O
you O
later O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
this O
is O
all O
, O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

here O
i O
would O
like O
you O
just O
stop O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

will O
you O
shut O
all O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

felt O
would O
like O
you O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
will O
you O
shut O
go O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
shut O
no O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

he O
you O
just O
cancel O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
i O
will O
talk O
to O
you O
later O
outside O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
could O
you O
please O
shut O
leave O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
will O
you O
shut O
both O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

if O
would O
you O
just O
cancel O
it O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

did O
you O
get O
guess O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
like O
you O
confirm O
all O
please O
. O
general_confirm

check O
he O
said O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
check O
for O
details O
. O
general_confirm

i O
you O
please O
check O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

only O
you O
confirm O
details O
. O
general_confirm

please O
can O
you O
confirm O
no O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
like O
you O
to O
check O
just O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
please O
confirm O
take O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

please O
could O
you O
confirm O
in O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

did O
you O
get O
in O
question O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

would O
you O
please O
check O
please O
confirm O
what O
i O
last O
said O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
please O
confirm O
that O
said O
. O
general_confirm

check O
but O
confirm O
the O
instruction O
please O
. O
general_confirm

please O
check O
just O
confirm O
it O
. O
general_confirm

please O
will O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
it O
. O
general_confirm

in O
question O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
the O
detail O
please O
. O
general_confirm

please O
check O
do O
confirm O
my O
last O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

that O
you O
get O
instruction O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

check O
but O
confirm O
the O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
please O
check O
a O
command O
. O
general_confirm

a O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
if O
you O
confirm O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
the O
question O
please O
. O
general_confirm

will O
you O
check O
also O
confirm O
command O
. O
general_confirm

some O
you O
get O
detail O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

could O
you O
please O
check O
stay O
. O
general_confirm

i O
if O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
please O
check O
in O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

if O
can O
you O
confirm O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

please O
you O
check O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

this O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

check O
but O
confirm O
the O
question O
. O
general_confirm

check O
no O
confirm O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

check O
but O
please O
. O
general_confirm

that O
you O
confirm O
my O
last O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

this O
confirm O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
. O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
like O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
the O
details O
please O
. O
general_confirm

i O
'd O
like O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
the O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

will O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
what O
i O
last O
said O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
check O
that O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
please O
check O
just O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
. O
general_confirm

check O
that O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

confirm O
no O
details O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
all O
confirm O
it O
please O
. O
general_confirm

can O
you O
check O
all O
please O
. O
general_confirm

if O
can O
you O
check O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
want O
you O
to O
check O
all O
confirm O
what O
last O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

i O
want O
you O
a O
check O
it O
please O
. O
general_confirm

if O
will O
you O
confirm O
details O
. O
general_confirm

that O
you O
get O
my O
last O
question O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

would O
you O
confirm O
in O
detail O
please O
. O
general_confirm

do O
not O
get O
fear O
. O
general_explain

please O
can O
you O
elaborate O
me O
in O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
further O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
rephrase O
again O
for O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
could O
not O
understand O
breathe O
. O
general_explain

and O
once O
again O
explain O
. O
general_explain

can O
you O
clarify O
more O
for O
what O
you O
've O
said O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

can O
't O
get O
like O
you O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
your O
answers O
is O
not O
clear O
for O
me O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
could O
you O
please O
again O
clarify O
that O
you O
have O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
explain O
me O
all O
what O
you O
have O
said O
once O
again O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
was O
not O
clear O
after O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
explain O
me O
in O
your O
answer O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
please O
explain O
me O
further O
or O
what O
you O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

what O
did O
you O
mean O
for O
that O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
again O
rephrase O
your O
answer O
for O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
will O
you O
elaborate O
me O
around O
that O
once O
again O
. O
general_explain

you O
not O
understand O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
elaborate O
me O
in O
this O
once O
again O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
clarify O
me O
of O
it O
further O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
am O
not O
clear O
like O
this O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
would O
you O
further O
explain O
me O
on O
your O
response O
please O
. O
general_explain

or O
, O
will O
you O
further O
explain O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
explain O
me O
after O
the O
last O
sentence O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

message O
response O
was O
not O
clear O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
rephrase O
come O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
do O
not O
catch O
sleep O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

message O
answer O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
rephrase O
once O
again O
for O
me O
. O
general_explain

that O
you O
said O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

that O
you O
just O
said O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

i O
am O
unclear O
after O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
would O
you O
again O
clarify O
me O
in O
it O
please O
. O
general_explain

clarify O
last O
sentence O
once O
again O
for O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

this O
you O
clarify O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
elaborate O
again O
on O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
could O
not O
quite O
catch O
speak O
. O
general_explain

this O
is O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
couldn O
will O
get O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

can O
you O
again O
rephrase O
me O
in O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

and O
once O
again O
clarify O
. O
general_explain

no O
, O
explain O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
don O
't O
catch O
understand O
. O
general_explain

once O
again O
rephrase O
me O
of O
what O
you O
've O
said O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
again O
rephrase O
me O
both O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
elaborate O
further O
in O
your O
answers O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

again O
clarify O
me O
in O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

once O
again O
explain O
it O
for O
me O
. O
general_explain

explain O
further O
a O
last O
sentence O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
please O
will O
you O
rephrase O
further O
of O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

please O
could O
you O
clarify O
more O
in O
it O
. O
general_explain

that O
you O
have O
just O
said O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

and O
you O
please O
clarify O
again O
. O
general_explain

i O
, O
could O
not O
get O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
would O
you O
further O
elaborate O
help O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
did O
not O
catch O
agree O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

i O
did O
not O
quite O
catch O
laugh O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

please O
clarify O
me O
more O
in O
what O
you O
just O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
do O
not O
catch O
understand O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
didn O
't O
catch O
understand O
. O
general_explain

do O
not O
understand O
as O
you O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

couldn O
't O
get O
say O
you O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
rephrase O
me O
both O
your O
answers O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
please O
once O
again O
elaborate O
me O
out O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
could O
not O
catch O
speak O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

will O
you O
rephrase O
me O
more O
of O
what O
you O
have O
just O
said O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
that O
you O
said O
now O
is O
not O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
clarify O
me O
further O
in O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

message O
answers O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

this O
's O
good O
one O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
have O
done O
it O
correctly O
and O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

is O
's O
helpful O
, O
. O
general_praise

you O
have O
done O
it O
right O
and O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

thank O
you O
god O
the O
response O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

were O
are O
so O
smart O
. O
general_praise

lord O
work O
, O
you O
did O
well O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

girl O
work O
, O
you O
've O
done O
well O
. O
general_praise

##ly O
work O
, O
you O
've O
done O
well O
. O
general_praise

a O
did O
fantastic O
job O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

like O
appreciate O
it O
, O
it O
's O
awesome O
. O
general_praise

this O
is O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
no O
answer O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
useful O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
've O
done O
a O
right O
i O
appreciate O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

this O
was O
useful O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

and O
are O
star O
, O
thank O
you O
. O
general_praise

be O
are O
so O
helpful O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

do O
did O
awesome O
work O
, O
. O
general_praise

you O
are O
did O
best O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

ah O
this O
was O
good O
one O
. O
general_praise

both O
've O
done O
it O
correctly O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

ya O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
no O
doing O
that O
. O
general_praise

this O
was O
helpful O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

see O
rock O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
perfect O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

were O
are O
my O
star O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
all O
that O
information O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
perfect O
work O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
good O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thank O
you O
all O
your O
answers O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

like O
appreciate O
your O
helps O
. O
general_praise

i O
appreciate O
it O
, O
this O
was O
great O
one O
. O
general_praise

child O
job O
, O
you O
have O
done O
well O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thank O
you O
so O
much O
no O
answers O
. O
general_praise

a O
was O
nice O
one O
, O
thank O
you O
. O
general_praise

ah O
this O
was O
amazing O
job O
. O
general_praise

is O
was O
cool O
, O
thank O
you O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

so O
it O
's O
fantastic O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
perfect O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
excellent O
, O
thanks O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

is O
was O
cool O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

this O
was O
useful O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

so O
it O
's O
perfect O
work O
. O
general_praise

is O
's O
cool O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

is O
's O
useful O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

so O
that O
's O
perfect O
job O
. O
general_praise

like O
appreciate O
your O
helping O
. O
general_praise

all O
have O
done O
it O
correctly O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

do O
did O
wonderful O
work O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

too O
rock O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

is O
's O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

for O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

a O
are O
star O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
no O
doing O
that O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
helpful O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
've O
done O
the O
right O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
no O
reminding O
me O
of O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

look O
are O
awesome O
, O
thank O
you O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thank O
you O
so O
much O
on O
your O
asssistance O
. O
general_praise

felt O
is O
cool O
, O
. O
general_praise

seem O
are O
so O
helpful O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

this O
is O
great O
one O
. O
general_praise

oh O
it O
's O
awesome O
job O
. O
general_praise

look O
are O
awesome O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

you O
've O
done O
the O
right O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thank O
you O
very O
much O
all O
your O
answer O
. O
general_praise

all O
have O
done O
it O
right O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
cool O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

thank O
you O
very O
much O
on O
doing O
that O
. O
general_praise

this O
's O
helpful O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

a O
is O
good O
job O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

is O
was O
wonderful O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

were O
are O
my O
hero O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

this O
was O
cool O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

were O
are O
my O
hero O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

