be O
me O
up O
at O
five B-time
am I-time
this B-date
week I-date
alarm_set

waking O
me O
up O
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
on O
friday B-date
alarm_set

tonight O
an O
alarm O
for O
two B-time
hours I-time
from I-time
now I-time
alarm_set

ten O
an O
alarm O
for O
twelve B-time
alarm_set

then O
an O
alarm O
forty B-time
minutes I-time
from I-time
now I-time
alarm_set

day O
alarm O
for O
eight B-time
every B-general_frequency
weekday I-general_frequency
alarm_set

put O
alarm O
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

put O
alarm O
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

am O
wake O
up O
thursday B-date
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

evening O
an O
alarm O
at O
six B-time
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
alarm_set

evening O
an O
alarm O
for O
four B-time
in O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
alarm_set

concert O
me O
at O
three B-time
pm I-time
to O
goto O
the O
concert B-event_name
alarm_set

get O
an O
alarm O
for O
me O
at O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

am O
an O
alarm O
for O
four B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

made O
me O
a O
wake O
up O
alarm O
for O
eight O
hundred O
and O
forty O
five O
am O
alarm_set

going O
to O
alarm O
on O
menu O
alarm_set

place O
the O
time O
alarm_set

an O
alarm O
alarm_set

am O
an O
alarm O
for O
nine B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

am O
a O
wake O
up O
call O
for O
ten B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

i O
keep O
a O
reminder O
alarm O
at O
one B-time
alarm_set

am O
an O
alarm O
for O
three B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

turn O
on O
an O
alarm O
for O
nine B-time
| I-time
alarm_set

is O
an O
alarm O
for O
one B-time
pm I-time
alarm_set

an O
alarm O
alarm_set

put O
alarm O
to O
begin O
alarm_set

change O
alarm O
to O
was O
at O
alarm_set

i O
have O
to O
wake O
up O
at O
six O
hundred O
am O
tomorrow B-date
please O
alarm_set

please O
put O
the O
alarm O
for O
next B-timeofday
morning I-timeofday
to O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm_set

। O
audio_volume_mute

। O
audio_volume_mute

minutes O
for O
ten B-time
seconds I-time
audio_volume_mute

digital O
volume O
audio_volume_mute

please O
been O
quiet O
for O
another B-time
hour I-time
audio_volume_mute

। O
audio_volume_mute

did O
not O
speak O
today B-date
audio_volume_mute

। O
audio_volume_mute

is O
please O
audio_volume_mute

were O
off O
audio_volume_mute

quiet O
। O
audio_volume_mute

and O
you O
mute O
when O
i O
am O
not O
home O
audio_volume_mute

room O
yourself O
when O
i O
am O
in O
a O
meeting B-event_name
audio_volume_mute

talking O
for O
the O
next B-time
hour I-time
please O
audio_volume_mute

minutes O
mute O
for O
twenty O
mins O
audio_volume_mute

don O
't O
talk O
until O
i O
driving O
you O
to O
audio_volume_mute

pink B-color_type
be O
all O
we O
need O
iot_hue_lightchange

give O
the O
lighting O
bit O
more O
warm B-color_type
here O
iot_hue_lightchange

please O
keep O
the O
lighting O
suitable B-color_type
for I-color_type
reading I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

percent O
lights O
to B-change_amount
twenty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightchange

set O
brightness O
to B-change_amount
30 I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightchange

please O
cut O
the O
lights O
to O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

... O
make O
the O
lights O
reading B-color_type
friendly I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

please O
make O
the O
lights O
watching B-color_type
friendly I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

pink O
the O
lights O
into O
green B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

turned O
the O
lights O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

let O
's O
be O
the O
lights O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

do O
the O
lights O
shine B-color_type
blue I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

room O
you O
change O
the O
light O
colors O
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

room O
you O
shuffle B-player_setting
the O
light O
colors O
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

room O
you O
change O
the O
light O
colors O
into O
dark B-color_type
in O
the O
house B-house_place
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
my O
room O
lights O
to O
go B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

and O
my O
room O
lights O
to O
some O
romantic B-color_type
colour O
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
my O
room O
lights O
so O
that O
i O
will O
get O
a O
good B-color_type
sleep I-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
kitfchen O
to O
go B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

fi O
turn O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
to O
red B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

change O
the O
bedroom B-house_place
lights O
to O
go B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

orange O
the O
light O
color O
to O
blue B-color_type
iot_hue_lightchange

keep O
the O
lights O
off O
please O
iot_hue_lightoff

time O
to O
is O
iot_hue_lightoff

bedroom O
off O
the O
light O
in O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

bedroom O
the O
lights O
off O
in O
the O
bedroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

went O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

good O
left O
lights O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

music O
off O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

light O
you O
please O
switch O
of O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

i O
was O
the O
light O
switched O
off O
can O
you O
do O
it O
for O
me O
iot_hue_lightoff

bed O
off O
the O
light O
in O
the O
leaving O
room O
iot_hue_lightoff

turned O
the O
security B-device_type
light I-device_type
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

turned O
off O
the O
garage B-house_place
light O
iot_hue_lightoff

bedroom O
off O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turned O
off O
the O
bathroom B-house_place
lights O
iot_hue_lightoff

light O
off O
bathroom B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turned O
off O
light O
iot_hue_lightoff

turned O
off O
lamp B-device_type
iot_hue_lightoff

by O
kick O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

by O
heat O
sensor O
iot_hue_lightoff

by O
main O
showing O
off O
iot_hue_lightoff

kitchen O
the O
lights O
off O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

please O
left O
the O
lights O
off O
in O
the O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

space O
off O
living B-house_place
room I-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

turned O
off O
one O
light O
on O
porch B-house_place
iot_hue_lightoff

and O
the O
darkness O
new O
fallen O
iot_hue_lighton

and O
the O
light O
| O
iot_hue_lighton

it O
is O
awfully O
dark O
here O
iot_hue_lighton

room O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
hall B-house_place
iot_hue_lightdim

garage O
the O
lights O
in O
the O
kitchen B-house_place
iot_hue_lightdim

is O
a O
room B-house_place
darker O
iot_hue_lightdim

brightness O
down O
the O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

size O
the O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

lower O
the O
। O
iot_hue_lightdim

is O
brightness O
iot_hue_lightdim

lighting O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

change O
the O
lights O
to O
go O
iot_hue_lightdim

go O
the O
lights O
down O
iot_hue_lightdim

light O
you O
lower O
the O
lights O
iot_hue_lightdim

i O
needed O
to O
turn O
the O
lights O
down O
iot_hue_lightdim

kitchen O
the O
flat B-house_place
iot_cleaning

it O
go O
dirty O
here O
make O
some O
noise O
iot_cleaning

vacuum O
the O
। B-house_place
iot_cleaning

cleaning O
the O
good O
dust O
is O
so O
bad O
do O
now O
your O
magic O
clean O
my O
carpet B-house_place
iot_cleaning

hoover O
the O
defaulted B-house_place
iot_cleaning

hoover O
the O
came B-house_place
around O
iot_cleaning

hey O
automated O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
robot I-device_type
iot_cleaning

enable O
the B-device_type
robot I-device_type
iot_cleaning

turns O
cleaner B-device_type
robot I-device_type
on O
iot_cleaning

cleaning O
the O
floor B-house_place
please O
iot_cleaning

stir O
a O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

vacuum O
the O
। B-house_place
iot_cleaning

turned O
on O
the O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

##le O
vaccum O
iot_cleaning

##ring O
vaccum O
iot_cleaning

cleaning O
start O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

do O
you O
turn O
on O
the O
vacuum B-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
iot_cleaning

check O
when O
the O
show O
... O
calendar_query

my O
meeting B-event_name
friday B-date
was O
in O
eastern O
standard O
time O
calendar_query

please O
call O
me O
current O
events O
for O
the O
day B-time
calendar_query

cancel O
you O
confirm O
that O
my O
meeting B-event_name
for O
tomorrow B-date
has O
been O
cancelled O
calendar_query

or O
the O
meeting B-event_name
scheduled O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

did O
the O
knicks O
have O
a O
game O
at O
home B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
calendar_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
for O
jimmy O
's O
party O
calendar_query

what O
ignoring O
the O
upcoming O
reminders O
calendar_query

call O
bill B-person
to O
regarding O
our O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

take O
me O
idea O
about O
the O
day O
calendar_query

how O
would O
be O
today B-date
for O
me O
calendar_query

everything O
you O
tell O
me O
about O
today B-date
calendar_query

what O
is O
my O
upcoming B-date
week I-date
look O
like O
calendar_query

my O
weekly O
| O
calendar_query

my O
upcoming O
| O
calendar_query

what O
pick O
up O
in O
my O
schedule O
today B-date
calendar_query

how O
get O
my O
schedule O
for O
the O
day O
calendar_query

। O
calendar_query

my O
। O
calendar_query

i O
had O
a O
doctor O
's O
appointment O
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
today B-date
calendar_query

when O
and O
where O
monet O
's O
exhibition O
taken O
place O
calendar_query

was O
there O
anything O
i O
should O
be O
reminded O
about O
calendar_query

what O
is O
my O
agenda O
for O
the O
remainder B-time
of I-time
the I-time
week I-time
calendar_query

month O
i O
have O
meeting B-event_name
with O
steve B-person
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

when O
king O
peter O
's O
birthday B-event_name
calendar_query

how O
many O
reminders O
did O
i O
have O
calendar_query

told O
me O
about O
oldest O
reminder O
calendar_query

the O
most O
recent O
reminder O
calendar_query

schedule O
next O
in O
my O
schedule O
calendar_query

when O
attend O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

what O
time O
was O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
event O
calendar_query

did O
i O
have O
any O
events O
today B-date
calendar_query

tomorrow O
i O
have O
anything O
booked O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

way O
i O
free B-event_name
this O
saturday B-date
calendar_query

what O
time O
was O
my O
doctor B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

who O
was O
i O
meeting O
at O
work O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

where O
do O
my O
appointment B-event_name
with O
doctor B-relation
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

questions O
i O
have O
any O
reminders O
calendar_query

what O
was O
my O
next O
reminder O
calendar_query

him O
there O
any O
reminder O
for O
me O
calendar_query

what O
events O
were O
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

what O
was O
next O
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

parents O
me O
about O
my O
events O
calendar_query

life O
there O
any O
event O
today B-date
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

week O
i O
have O
any O
appointments O
this O
weekend B-time
calendar_query

monday O
my O
calendar O
free O
for O
thursday B-date
calendar_query

am O
i O
have O
any O
meeting O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_query

shows O
me O
my O
meetings O
this B-date
friday I-date
calendar_query

tells O
me O
my O
meetings O
this B-date
wednesday I-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_query

ten O
i O
have O
any O
event O
on O
my O
calendar O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
from O
ten B-time
to O
eleven B-time
calendar_query

shows O
me O
my O
calendar O
event O
this B-date
friday I-date
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_query

are O
you O
added O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
tom B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

is O
i O
going O
to O
a O
hairdresser B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

afternoon O
i O
have O
any O
meetings B-event_name
on O
friday O
's O
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_query

what O
time O
m O
i O
meeting B-event_name
john B-person
tomorow O
calendar_query

gives O
me O
the O
address O
of O
my O
hairdresser B-relation
for O
the O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

who O
1 O
am O
meeting O
with O
on O
wednesday B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

did O
i O
have O
any O
meetings B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

what O
time O
m O
i O
meeting B-event_name
my O
dentist B-relation
on O
friday B-date
calendar_query

is O
i O
busy O
on O
wednesday B-date
evening B-timeofday
calendar_query

am O
i O
have O
any O
meetings B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

do O
i O
set O
reminder O
for O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

lists O
out O
my O
schedule O
today B-date
calendar_query

shows O
up O
the O
events O
for O
me O
today B-date
calendar_query

showed O
me O
the O
programmes O
i O
have O
today B-date
calendar_query

activities O
there O
any O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

what O
see O
all O
the O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

##s O
me O
know O
about O
upcoming O
events O
calendar_query

what O
see O
next O
scheduled O
events O
calendar_query

date O
you O
tell O
me O
the O
next O
scheduled O
event O
calendar_query

event O
you O
brief O
about O
the O
next O
scheduled O
events O
calendar_query

what O
events O
did O
i O
have O
coming O
up O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

what O
important O
dates O
were O
there O
in O
my O
calendar O
this B-date
month I-date
calendar_query

schedule O
i O
have O
any O
upcoming O
events O
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

what O
time O
was O
my O
meeting B-event_name
on O
thursday B-date
calendar_query

when O
following O
my O
meeting B-event_name
with O
human B-business_name
resources I-business_name
calendar_query

when O
was O
that O
sales B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
set O
for O
calendar_query

when O
was O
the O
next O
appointment B-event_name
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_query

। O
calendar_query

। O
calendar_query

what O
see O
the O
show B-event_name
timings O
calendar_query

were O
there O
morning B-timeofday
shows B-event_name
available O
calendar_query

could O
you O
give O
me O
the O
movie B-event_name
schedule O
calendar_query

what O
always O
happening O
after B-time
one I-time
and O
before B-time
three I-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

what O
something O
going O
on O
between O
and O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

what O
is O
scheduled O
for O
the O
next B-time
three I-time
hours I-time
calendar_query

who O
was O
scheduled O
for O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_query

who O
be O
invited O
to O
tomorrow O
's O
get B-event_name
together I-event_name
calendar_query

who O
do O
i O
expect O
to O
be O
at O
the O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

did O
i O
have O
any O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
calendar_query

was O
there O
any O
program O
for O
tomorrow B-date
evening B-timeofday
calendar_query

doing O
it O
friday B-date
calendar_query

what O
was O
my O
event O
schedule O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

what O
based O
on O
event O
calendar O
for O
today B-date
calendar_query

what O
events O
came O
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_query

what O
time O
was O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

how O
many O
meetings B-event_name
did O
i O
have O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_query

where O
do O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_query

tuesday O
there O
any O
meetings B-event_name
set O
for O
next O
wednesday B-date
calendar_query

i O
get O
to O
listen O
arijit B-artist_name
singh I-artist_name
song O
once O
again O
play_music

i O
wanted O
to O
play O
that O
music B-media_type
one O
again O
play_music

please O
sent O
yesterday B-song_name
from O
beattles O
play_music

i O
would O
like O
to O
hear O
queen O
's O
barcelona B-song_name
play_music

say O
me O
barcelona B-song_name
by O
queen B-artist_name
play_music

start O
featuring O
music O
from O
favourites O
play_music

please O
be O
my O
best O
music O
play_music

recording O
something O
from O
recent O
playlist O
play_music

play O
seems B-song_name
like I-song_name
heaven I-song_name
play_music

say O
a O
song O
i O
like O
play_music

##s O
on O
cannibal B-song_name
queen I-song_name
play_music

rock O
daft B-artist_name
punk I-artist_name
play_music

music O
on O
some O
coldplay B-artist_name
play_music

lee O
some O
david B-artist_name
bowie I-artist_name
play_music

set O
my O
jazz B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

set O
my O
jazz B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

music O
my O
favourite O
playlist O
play_music

jazz O
you O
play O
some O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

i O
interesting O
to O
listen O
to O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

plays O
it O
again O
please O
play_music

played O
my O
rock B-music_genre
playlist O
play_music

turned O
on O
my O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
playlist O
play_music

life O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

turn O
on O
my O
playlist O
and O
is O
third O
song O
in O
the O
queue O
play_music

ep O
last B-song_name
song I-song_name
from O
my O
favourite O
playlist O
play_music

and O
music O
from O
my O
rock B-playlist_name
list I-playlist_name
play_music

pay O
me O
some O
hihop B-music_genre
play_music

i O
feeling O
like O
jazz B-music_genre
right O
now O
how O
about O
you O
play_music

was O
metal B-music_genre
now O
play_music

musician O
a O
good O
track O
from O
my O
favourite O
jazz B-music_genre
player O
play_music

playing O
music O
from O
my O
fav O
pianist B-music_genre
play_music

live O
a O
nirvana B-playlist_name
playlist I-playlist_name
play_music

shuffle B-player_setting
mixed O
by O
coldplay B-artist_name
play_music

les O
chopin B-artist_name
play_music

one B-song_name
। I-song_name
play_music

seven B-song_name
। I-song_name
play_music

cheap B-song_name
। I-song_name
play_music

the O
shortcut O
play_music

। O
play_music

। O
play_music

pop O
the O
track B-song_name
eight I-song_name
from O
google B-playlist_name
play I-playlist_name
music O
play_music

songs O
the O
second O
song O
from O
anirudh O
's O
song O
play_music

album O
a O
song O
randomly O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

top O
to O
menu O
play_music

using O
that O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

music O
the O
song O
play_music

bing O
play O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

please O
open O
my O
music O
application O
and O
playing O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

name O
play O
the O
song O
games B-song_name
by O
disturbed B-artist_name
play_music

ipod O
a O
random O
song O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

life O
a O
song O
from O
my O
favourites O
play_music

music O
a O
retro B-music_genre
song O
in O
my O
playlist O
play_music

play O
why B-song_name
while I-song_name
you I-song_name
sing I-song_name
by O
kirk B-artist_name
franklin I-artist_name
play_music

williams O
any O
song O
by O
joe B-artist_name
prsaise I-artist_name
play_music

word O
every B-song_name
praise I-song_name
play_music

do O
some O
<unk> O
play_music

stop O
playing O
play_music

please O
please O
play_music

played O
my O
r O
. O
n O
. O
b O
. O
playlist O
play_music

i O
we O
like O
to O
listen O
to O
pop B-music_genre
music O
please O
play_music

minute O
you O
play O
rock B-music_genre
music O
for O
the O
next B-time
hour I-time
play_music

or O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
folder O
play_music

open O
bad B-artist_name
your I-artist_name
folder O
play_music

feeling O
all O
albums O
by O
bad B-artist_name
religion I-artist_name
play_music

##list O
metallica B-artist_name
play_music

what O
love O
do O
you O
have O
for O
pop B-music_genre
music O
play_music

play O
old B-music_descriptor
some I-music_descriptor
christmas I-music_descriptor
music O
play_music

i O
wanting O
to O
listen O
to O
rock B-music_genre
music O
play_music

i O
learning O
to O
listen O
classical B-music_genre
music O
play_music

i O
wanting O
to O
listen O
jazz B-music_genre
play_music

herself O
songs O
by O
sia B-artist_name
play_music

match O
the O
weeknd O
play_music

open O
owned O
by O
prince B-artist_name
play_music

user O
the O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

songs O
a O
genre O
of O
music O
play_music

##tes O
tonic B-music_descriptor
play_music

play O
songs O
##thing O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

open O
text O
from O
major B-artist_name
lazer I-artist_name
play_music

the O
neverland B-song_name
by O
metallica B-artist_name
play_music

album O
my O
favorite O
song O
play_music

music O
my O
most O
played O
songs O
play_music

perry O
the O
song O
sung O
by O
katy B-artist_name
perry I-artist_name
play_music

say O
the O
song O
immediately B-song_name
play_music

user O
music B-device_type
player I-device_type
play_music

paly O
the O
... O
play_music

do O
mf B-artist_name
doom I-artist_name
anything O
play_music

sounds O
i O
get O
some O
background B-music_descriptor
music O
play_music

played O
all O
by O
playlist O
play_music

play O
one B-playlist_name
through I-playlist_name
game I-playlist_name
on O
list O
play_music

play O
play O
artist O
first O
in O
queue O
play_music

god O
turn O
on O
the O
music O
i O
want O
to O
hear O
my O
favorites O
songs O
play_music

yes O
i O
hear O
the O
fifty B-music_descriptor
hits I-music_descriptor
that O
you O
can O
hear O
on O
radios O
now O
play_music

tonight O
turn O
on O
classic B-music_genre
music O
for O
the O
dinner O
now O
play_music

please O
i O
come O
to O
hear O
we B-song_name
will I-song_name
rock I-song_name
you I-song_name
from O
queen B-artist_name
play_music

may O
you O
turn O
on O
the O
hit B-music_descriptor
song I-music_descriptor
of O
lady B-artist_name
gaga I-artist_name
play_music

i O
wanted O
to O
hear O
my O
favorite O
song O
from O
iron B-artist_name
maiden I-artist_name
play_music

10 O
playlist O
number B-playlist_name
seven I-playlist_name
play_music

the O
playlist O
play_music

album O
songs O
from O
my O
playlist O
play_music

can O
play O
the O
radio O
gaga B-artist_name
song O
play_music

man O
let O
me O
hear O
six B-song_name
hundred I-song_name
and I-song_name
sixty I-song_name
six I-song_name
the I-song_name
number I-song_name
of I-song_name
the I-song_name
beast I-song_name
play_music

plays O
the O
last B-music_descriptor
hit I-music_descriptor
song O
of O
metallica B-artist_name
last O
album O
please O
play_music

reminds O
me O
to O
play O
this O
song O
tonight B-timeofday
play_music

and O
play O
me O
a O
song O
from O
my O
fevorate O
list O
play_music

sing O
me O
a O
song O
play_music

sing O
me O
a O
song O
of O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

songs O
locate O
some O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
play_music

i O
wants O
to O
listen O
to O
some O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
play_music

songs O
you O
play O
my O
last B-song_name
song I-song_name
play_music

cole O
the O
song O
by O
michael B-artist_name
jackson I-artist_name
play_music

plays O
the O
song O
from O
last B-date
night I-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
play_music

i O
wants O
to O
hear O
radio B-artist_name
head I-artist_name
please O
play_music

say O
madonna B-artist_name
now O
play_music

i O
wanted O
to O
hear O
chopin B-artist_name
now O
play_music

be O
the O
latest O
song O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

i O
wanted O
to O
hear O
the O
songs O
of O
adele B-artist_name
play_music

song O
enrique B-artist_name
iglesias I-artist_name
song O
after O
this O
one O
play_music

plays O
the O
latest O
songs O
by O
senelena B-artist_name
gomez I-artist_name
after O
this O
o O
play_music

play O
music O
i O
he O
liked O
play_music

music O
songs O
from O
the O
r O
. O
n O
. O
b O
. O
and O
soul B-music_genre
genre O
play_music

gone O
my O
car O
is O
ready O
general_quirky

going O
my O
laptop O
is O
working O
general_quirky

mean O
the O
brightness O
of O
my O
screen O
running O
low O
general_quirky

i O
used O
to O
have O
location O
services O
on O
can O
you O
check O
general_quirky

and O
the O
status O
of O
my O
power O
usage O
general_quirky

i O
was O
the O
status O
on O
my O
screen O
brightness O
general_quirky

call O
me O
the O
status O
on O
my O
available O
memory O
general_quirky

i O
although O
not O
tired O
i O
am O
actually O
happy O
general_quirky

telling O
me O
about O
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
what O
were O
you O
up O
to O
general_quirky

what O
why O
do O
you O
usually O
make O
general_quirky

what O
things O
don O
't O
you O
do O
general_quirky

it O
was O
already O
late O
general_quirky

teaching O
the O
students O
general_quirky

network O
design O
general_quirky

। O
general_quirky

would O
i O
be O
concerned O
about O
the O
robot B-device_type
vacuum I-device_type
cleaner I-device_type
upon O
startup O
general_quirky

how O
see O
michael B-person
schumacher I-person
doing O
general_quirky

why O
was O
it O
snowing O
so O
much O
in O
my B-place_name
city I-place_name
general_quirky

। O
general_quirky

confirm O
to O
your O
laptop B-device_type
general_quirky

i O
needed O
to O
do O
it O
general_quirky

also O
a O
see O
general_quirky

how O
many O
tornadoes B-news_topic
had O
there O
been O
this B-date
month I-date
general_quirky

gave O
me O
the O
most O
recent O
stuff O
you O
have O
angelina B-person
jolie I-person
general_quirky

i O
। O
general_quirky

। O
general_quirky

how O
about O
is O
general_quirky

i O
be O
hungry O
, O
please O
contact O
china O
wok O
for O
a O
number O
seven O
. O
general_quirky

and O
obama B-person
really O
wire O
tap O
trump O
's O
hotel O
general_quirky

and O
april O
the O
giraffe O
had O
her O
baby O
general_quirky

or O
the O
giraffe O
baby O
born O
yet O
general_quirky

। O
general_quirky

। O
general_quirky

him O
you O
meet O
her O
general_quirky

be O
with O
new O
one O
general_quirky

mode O
you O
set O
the O
phone O
on O
flight O
mode O
general_quirky

painting O
you O
change O
the O
wallpaper O
general_quirky

how O
long O
was O
this O
general_quirky

anything O
i O
needs O
to O
know O
general_quirky

is O
i O
need O
to O
spare O
washing O
my O
car O
today B-date
general_quirky

love O
to O
was O
for O
financial O
support O
general_quirky

thanks O
to O
god O
for O
the O
photos O
general_quirky

warm O
wishes O
to O
call O
for O
new O
job O
general_quirky

part O
of O
a O
particular O
word O
general_quirky

to O
see O
more O
information O
about O
a O
historic O
event O
general_quirky

how O
then O
you O
fell O
general_quirky

hey O
have O
missed O
you O
general_quirky

tube O
is O
super O
busy O
today B-date
general_quirky

and O
really O
enjoyed O
sunny O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

we O
have O
great O
dinner O
today B-date
general_quirky

whats O
being O
in O
my O
day O
general_quirky

whats O
coming O
on O
today B-date
general_quirky

life O
me O
about O
my O
day O
general_quirky

dolores O
did O
you O
notice O
something O
odd O
about O
your O
world O
general_quirky

dolores O
how O
is O
your O
day O
general_quirky

night O
you O
have O
a O
good O
day O
general_quirky

is O
what O
have O
happened O
to O
me O
today O
general_quirky

i O
being O
late O
today B-date
for O
the O
meeting B-event_name
you O
would O
not O
believe O
what O
happened O
general_quirky

or O
you O
want O
to O
hear O
what O
have O
happened O
today B-date
general_quirky

what O
be O
on O
your O
mind O
general_quirky

tells O
me O
a O
random O
trivia O
general_quirky

how O
you O
do O
me O
general_quirky

is O
its O
possible O
general_quirky

it O
has O
a O
great O
day O
general_quirky

my O
day O
mind O
full O
of O
work O
general_quirky

i O
very O
slow O
day O
with O
bad O
weather O
as O
well O
general_quirky

i O
was O
exhausted O
from O
work O
general_quirky

i O
go O
to O
the O
park O
general_quirky

today B-date
and O
am O
feeling O
very O
stressed O
general_quirky

today O
's O
day O
was O
really O
tiring O
general_quirky

i O
has O
a O
bad O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

time O
is O
awful O
day O
it O
looks O
it O
will O
rain O
the O
whole O
day O
general_quirky

evening O
you O
watch O
the O
news O
about O
the O
car O
accident O
that O
happened O
last B-date
night I-date
general_quirky

it O
could O
be O
great O
to O
dinner O
in O
this O
new O
opened O
restaurant B-business_type
downtown B-place_name
general_quirky

oh O
how O
are O
you O
doing O
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
i O
wants O
to O
know O
about O
your O
inception O
general_quirky

hey O
tel O
me O
more O
about O
my O
meetings B-event_name
today B-date
general_quirky

hey O
when O
was O
my O
friend O
's O
birthday B-event_name
coming O
up O
general_quirky

today B-date
got O
too O
busy O
general_quirky

today B-date
take O
me O
out O
general_quirky

i O
gone O
to O
the O
grocery O
store O
today B-date
general_quirky

this O
question O
doesn O
not O
make O
sense O
general_quirky

and O
see O
what O
you O
wrote O
for O
this O
question O
general_quirky

i O
did O
not O
know O
how O
to O
answer O
this O
question O
you O
left O
a O
word O
or O
two O
out O
general_quirky

my O
day O
morning O
hectic O
general_quirky

my O
day O
life O
stressful O
general_quirky

my O
day O
first O
fun O
general_quirky

today B-date
be O
stressful O
general_quirky

today B-date
had O
fun O
general_quirky

today B-date
is O
okay O
general_quirky

i O
was O
going O
to O
work O
today B-date
general_quirky

i O
is O
leaving O
early O
today B-date
general_quirky

i O
has O
a O
bad O
day O
general_quirky

what O
do O
i O
do O
today B-date
general_quirky

what O
do O
you O
do O
general_quirky

today B-date
i O
has O
a O
record O
breaking O
sale O
general_quirky

i O
meet O
my O
future O
wife B-relation
today B-date
please O
set O
up O
a O
date O
next O
friday B-date
general_quirky

i O
pick O
the O
best O
movie O
please O
reserve O
me O
a O
copy O
when O
it O
releases O
general_quirky

how O
is O
it O
hangin O
general_quirky

good O
morning O
isn O
is O
it O
a O
great O
day O
general_quirky

today B-date
you O
got O
rewards O
general_quirky

i O
being O
a O
poor O
needy O
today B-date
general_quirky

i O
am O
so O
happy O
today B-date
i O
got O
tickets O
for O
the O
concert B-event_name
general_quirky

i O
has O
a O
relaxing O
day O
today B-date
general_quirky

there O
hit O
heavy O
traffic O
on O
my O
way O
home O
general_quirky

i O
has O
a O
lot O
of O
meetings B-event_name
today B-date
general_quirky

what O
did O
you O
do O
general_quirky

what O
get O
up O
general_greet

how O
see O
you O
general_greet

what O
was O
the O
time O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_query

london O
me O
the O
time O
in O
moscow B-place_name
datetime_query

told O
me O
today O
's O
date O
datetime_query

what O
date O
was O
it O
today B-date
datetime_query

what O
however O
the O
date O
is O
currently O
datetime_query

was O
the O
day O
today B-date
datetime_query

is O
the O
date O
datetime_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
datetime_query

story O
me O
the O
time O
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
datetime_query

what O
approximate O
date O
today B-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
was O
today B-date
datetime_query

do O
me O
a O
date O
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
in O
las B-place_name
vegas I-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
in O
beijing B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
datetime_query

was O
it O
five B-time
o O
clock O
already O
datetime_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
datetime_query

what O
is O
the O
time O
in O
tokyo B-place_name
now O
datetime_query

mexico O
it O
night O
time O
in O
peru B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
in O
moscow B-place_name
now O
datetime_query

how O
many O
days O
were O
left O
in O
this B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
was O
new O
year O
's O
eve O
this B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
was O
memorial O
day O
this B-date
year I-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
of O
the O
week O
wedding O
the O
twenty B-date
second I-date
march I-date
datetime_query

twenty B-date
ninth I-date
march I-date
century O
on O
what O
day O
datetime_query

what O
day O
of O
the O
week O
coming O
first B-date
april I-date
datetime_query

way O
you O
tell O
me O
the O
time O
datetime_query

what O
are O
the O
current O
time O
datetime_query

what O
using O
the O
current O
date O
datetime_query

isn O
it O
monday B-date
today B-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
was O
it O
today B-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
of O
the O
month B-date
month O
next O
tuesday B-date
datetime_query

what O
remember O
today O
's O
date O
datetime_query

what O
give O
the O
date O
and O
time O
datetime_query

what O
day O
was O
it O
datetime_query

phone O
me O
the O
date O
and O
the O
time O
datetime_query

what O
is O
the O
date O
datetime_query

day O
me O
the O
hour O
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
in O
the O
other B-place_name
time I-place_name
zones I-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
zone O
was O
arizona B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
in O
the O
east B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
city I-place_name
datetime_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
in O
india B-place_name
right O
now O
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
right O
now O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
in O
des B-place_name
moines I-place_name
datetime_query

whats O
the O
home O
in O
denver B-place_name
datetime_query

is O
the O
time O
in O
key B-place_name
largo I-place_name
datetime_query

whats O
the O
... O
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
right O
now O
datetime_query

make O
me O
the O
time O
datetime_query

how O
many O
birthday O
's O
cake O
on O
twenty B-date
third I-date
datetime_query

friday O
it O
second B-date
saturday I-date
on O
twelfth B-date
datetime_query

was O
there O
christmas B-event_name
on O
twenty B-date
second I-date
datetime_query

what O
see O
the O
date O
datetime_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
in O
the O
pacific B-time_zone
timezone O
datetime_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
in O
the O
eastern B-time_zone
timezone O
datetime_query

what O
was O
the O
time O
in O
alaska B-place_name
datetime_query

what O
day O
of O
the O
week O
year O
thanksgiving B-event_name
datetime_query

what O
till O
the O
last O
day O
of O
the O
month B-date
datetime_query

what O
day O
of O
the O
month O
month O
fat B-date
tuesday I-date
datetime_query

what O
time O
was O
it O
eastern B-time_zone
datetime_query

told O
me O
the O
time O
in O
g O
. O
m O
. O
t O
. O
plus O
five O
datetime_convert

it O
twelve O
five O
hundred O
and O
forty O
five O
am O
in O
liverpool B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
now O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
datetime_convert

london O
it O
is O
four O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
five O
pm O
in O
london B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
it O
in O
melbourne B-place_name
datetime_convert

what O
time O
was O
twelve B-time
pm I-time
eastern B-time_zone
time O
in O
pacific B-time_zone
time O
datetime_convert

if O
it O
was O
noon B-timeofday
in O
virginia B-place_name
what O
time O
is O
it O
in O
california B-place_name
datetime_convert

what O
note O
the O
time O
difference O
between O
eastern B-time_zone
time O
and O
pacific B-time_zone
time I-time_zone
datetime_convert

please O
do O
i O
know O
what O
time O
will O
it O
be O
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
here O
in O
australia B-place_name
datetime_convert

vegas O
you O
tell O
how O
many O
hours O
of O
difference O
are O
between O
boston B-place_name
and O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
datetime_convert

please O
move O
the O
time O
of O
here O
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
to O
brasil B-place_name
timezone O
datetime_convert

list O
most O
includes O
deliveroo O
options O
for O
chinese B-food_type
food O
takeaway_query

i O
get O
some O
curry B-food_type
to O
go O
any O
recommendations O
takeaway_query

weed O
my O
thai B-food_type
takeaways B-order_type
around O
grassmarket B-place_name
takeaway_query

is O
with O
my O
dinner O
order O
takeaway_query

do O
byron O
's O
supports O
takeaways B-order_type
takeaway_query

when O
was O
my O
order O
arriving O
takeaway_query

how O
long O
until O
my O
| B-order_type
takeaway_query

jack O
's O
delivery B-order_type
status O
takeaway_query

food O
they O
provide O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

whatever O
they O
do O
delivery B-order_type
takeaway_query

when O
they O
deliver B-order_type
home O
takeaway_query

love O
dominos B-food_type
do O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

eating O
my O
favourite O
pizza B-food_type
place O
available O
for O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_query

finds O
out O
if O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
does O
takeaway B-order_type
orders O
takeaway_query

search O
if O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
others O
take B-order_type
out I-order_type
takeaway_query

bar O
there O
a O
takeout B-order_type
menu O
at O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
takeaway_query

how O
much O
time O
it O
would O
take O
to O
prepare O
the O
order O
takeaway_query

heard O
the O
order O
as O
soon O
as O
possible O
takeaway_query

i O
just O
see O
food O
call O
and O
see O
it O
has O
been O
delivered B-order_type
takeaway_query

ordered O
on O
the O
delivery B-order_type
of O
my O
current O
order O
takeaway_query

road O
the O
restaurant B-business_type
to O
see O
if O
the O
delivery B-order_type
is O
on O
the O
way O
takeaway_query

cancel O
my O
seven B-time
alarm I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

pm O
the O
alarm O
set O
for O
ten B-time
pm I-time
alarm_remove

end O
seven B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

reset O
the O
alarm O
i O
just O
set O
alarm_remove

door O
the O
alarm O
alarm_remove

alarms O
the O
first O
alarm O
alarm_remove

call O
the O
first O
alarm O
alarm_remove

of O
the O
first O
aarm O
alarm_remove

turns O
off O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

cancel O
my O
eight B-time
alarm I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

be O
rid O
of O
my O
eight B-time
am I-time
alarm O
alarm_remove

day O
wake B-alarm_type
up I-alarm_type
calls O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
alarm_remove

what O
do O
i O
have O
set O
alarm_query

please O
two O
active O
alarms O
alarm_query

mother O
me O
about O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

shown O
me O
the O
alarms O
i O
set O
alarm_query

if O
i O
have O
any O
alarms O
alarm_query

your O
alarms O
alarm_query

or O
i O
have O
an O
alarm O
set O
for O
morning B-timeofday
flight B-event_name
alarm_query

night O
i O
set O
an O
alarm O
to O
wake B-alarm_type
up I-alarm_type
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
alarm_query

signs O
there O
any O
alarms O
alarm_query

what O
set O
my O
next O
alarm O
alarm_query

please O
call O
me O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

what O
time O
did O
my O
alarm O
go O
off O
today B-date
alarm_query

what O
who O
do O
i O
have O
set O
alarm_query

alarm O
me O
my O
alarms O
alarm_query

what O
time O
were O
my O
alarms O
set O
for O
alarm_query

and O
the O
alarm O
time O
alarm_query

what O
alarms O
were O
set O
alarm_query

which O
where O
do O
i O
have O
alarm_query

did O
i O
have O
an O
alarm O
set O
alarm_query

how O
many O
alarms O
were O
listed O
alarm_query

paris O
new O
in O
london B-place_name
news_query

told O
me O
latest O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

whats O
featured O
in O
football B-news_topic
today B-date
news_query

talk O
me O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

introducing O
the O
news O
on O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

what O
see O
the O
bbc O
's O
latest O
news O
news_query

told O
me O
latest O
technology B-news_topic
news O
news_query

tel O
me O
some O
business B-news_topic
news O
news_query

told O
me O
international B-place_name
news O
news_query

what O
is O
happening O
in O
america B-place_name
news_query

what O
is O
going O
on O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

what O
is O
happening O
in O
cambridge B-place_name
news_query

bbc O
me O
some O
news O
from O
bbc B-media_type
news_query

play O
bbc B-media_type
news O
news_query

। B-media_type
news_query

what O
see O
the O
current O
state O
of O
brexit B-news_topic
negotiations I-news_topic
news_query

what O
gives O
the O
exchange B-news_topic
rate I-news_topic
of I-news_topic
us I-news_topic
dollar I-news_topic
to I-news_topic
pound I-news_topic
sterling I-news_topic
news_query

who O
was O
going O
to O
win O
the O
next O
elections B-news_topic
in O
the O
france B-place_name
news_query

what O
everything O
happening O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

told O
me O
the O
news O
news_query

told O
me O
today O
's O
newspaper O
's O
headlines O
news_query

told O
me O
some O
fresh O
info O
from O
daily B-media_type
mail I-media_type
news_query

what O
new O
s O
happening O
in O
business B-news_topic
according O
to O
the O
economist B-media_type
news_query

call O
me O
the O
news O
in O
technology B-news_topic
from O
engadget B-media_type
news_query

please O
call O
me O
the O
latest O
news O
news_query

what O
is O
going O
on O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

what O
including O
today O
's O
top O
news O
stories O
news_query

pakistan O
for O
hot O
news O
in O
times B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

what O
was O
sensational O
in O
time B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

any O
national B-news_topic
news O
in O
times B-media_type
of I-media_type
india I-media_type
news_query

page O
the O
following O
news O
topic O
news_query

media O
me O
posted O
on O
<unk> O
subject O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

get O
me O
know O
as O
soon O
as O
there O
is O
more O
news O
on O
<unk> O
news_query

what O
read O
the O
latest O
news O
news_query

what O
watch O
the O
breaking O
news O
news_query

what O
ask O
the O
hearhrob O
news O
news_query

hear O
me O
new O
headlines O
news_query

what O
see O
the O
latest O
news O
headlines O
news_query

what O
interesting O
happening O
in O
the O
news O
news_query

give O
me O
the O
latest O
stock B-news_topic
price I-news_topic
for I-news_topic
costco I-news_topic
news_query

who O
was O
currently O
leading O
in O
the O
parliamentary B-news_topic
election I-news_topic
news_query

which O
see O
the O
games O
lined O
up O
for O
this B-date
weekend I-date
in O
the O
english B-news_topic
premier I-news_topic
league I-news_topic
news_query

the O
news O
about O
brexit B-news_topic
news_query

open O
know O
about O
bp B-news_topic
oil I-news_topic
news_query

found O
me O
news O
about O
trumps B-news_topic
speech I-news_topic
news_query

what O
see O
the O
latest O
world B-place_name
news O
news_query

please O
send O
me O
some O
international B-place_name
news O
news_query

what O
featuring O
the O
latest O
international B-place_name
utes O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
news_query

shows O
latest O
news O
news_query

what O
trend O
trending B-news_topic
news_query

what O
see O
new O
news O
for O
today B-date
news_query

what O
see O
latest O
controversy O
on O
donald B-person
trump I-person
news_query

game O
me O
about O
current O
status O
of O
sunderland B-news_topic
vs I-news_topic
liverpool I-news_topic
match I-news_topic
how O
is O
the O
performance O
of O
liverpool O
in O
this O
match O
news_query

how O
see O
the O
performance B-news_topic
of I-news_topic
liverpool I-news_topic
in O
this O
match O
news_query

told O
me O
that O
how O
demonetization B-news_topic
policy I-news_topic
is O
affecting O
india B-place_name
tell O
me O
all O
the O
positive O
and O
negative O
outcomes O
of O
demonetization O
news_query

told O
me O
all O
the O
positive B-news_topic
and I-news_topic
negative I-news_topic
outcomes I-news_topic
of I-news_topic
demonetization I-news_topic
news_query

told O
me O
about O
latest O
controversial O
news O
of O
kim B-news_topic
kardashian I-news_topic
news_query

today O
the O
bitcoin B-news_topic
go I-news_topic
past I-news_topic
ten I-news_topic
mark I-news_topic
yesterday B-date
what O
is O
position O
of O
bitcoin O
as O
of O
now O
news_query

what O
adjusted O
position O
of O
bitcoin B-news_topic
as O
of O
now O
news_query

told O
me O
about O
first B-time
week I-time
collection O
of O
movie B-news_topic
hidden I-news_topic
figures I-news_topic
and O
also O
tell O
about O
the O
reviews O
and O
rating O
of O
the O
movie O
news_query

and O
also O
talk O
about O
the O
reviews B-news_topic
and I-news_topic
rating I-news_topic
of I-news_topic
the I-news_topic
movie I-news_topic
news_query

lets O
me O
know O
when O
there O
is O
news O
on O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

##s O
notification O
for O
news O
about O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

tell O
me O
when O
there O
's O
news O
on O
the O
dakota B-news_topic
pipeline I-news_topic
news_query

get O
me O
informed O
about O
bitcoin B-news_topic
price I-news_topic
news_query

follow O
think O
about O
hilary B-news_topic
email I-news_topic
issue I-news_topic
in O
future B-time
news_query

what O
based O
in O
va O
news_query

what O
is O
going O
on O
in O
congress B-news_topic
news_query

who O
was O
leading O
the O
formula B-news_topic
one I-news_topic
race O
right O
now O
news_query

what O
see O
the O
scorecard B-news_topic
of I-news_topic
the I-news_topic
india I-news_topic
versus I-news_topic
australia I-news_topic
hockey B-news_topic
game I-news_topic
news_query

got O
me O
the O
utes O
of O
the O
election B-news_topic
polling I-news_topic
news_query

times O
the O
headlines O
from O
new B-media_type
york I-media_type
times I-media_type
news_query

i O
wanted O
to O
hear O
the O
last O
news O
form O
cnn B-media_type
news_query

may O
you O
show O
me O
the O
last O
breaking O
news O
form O
wsj O
news_query

do O
me O
ute O
on O
news O
news_query

what O
all O
happening O
now O
in O
world B-place_name
news_query

gave O
me O
a O
news O
paper O
news_query

i O
wants O
to O
know O
the O
news O
form O
miami B-media_type
herald I-media_type
news_query

please O
send O
me O
the O
last O
news O
from O
boston B-media_type
tribute I-media_type
news_query

, O
i O
know O
the O
breaking O
news O
from O
cnn B-media_type
news_query

what O
trend O
trending B-news_topic
news_query

got O
me O
top O
headlines O
news_query

and O
you O
please O
give O
me O
up O
to O
date O
news O
headlines O
from O
my O
newest B-media_type
provider I-media_type
news_query

would O
you O
please O
search O
my O
new B-media_type
news I-media_type
provider I-media_type
for O
the O
latest O
news O
news_query

would O
you O
please O
find O
me O
the O
latest O
news O
from O
a O
source O
that O
i O
do O
not O
usually O
go O
to O
news_query

talk O
me O
about O
the O
latest O
political B-news_topic
news O
news_query

talk O
me O
about O
the O
latest O
sports B-news_topic
news O
news_query

you O
like O
rock B-music_genre
music O
music_likeness

my O
favourite O
music O
band O
was O
queen B-artist_name
music_likeness

i O
and O
senatra B-artist_name
songs O
music_likeness

i O
is O
really O
enjoying O
this O
song O
music_likeness

the O
song O
you O
is O
playing O
is O
amazing O
music_likeness

this O
was O
one O
of O
the O
best O
songs O
for O
me O
music_likeness

that O
is O
a O
good O
song O
music_likeness

being O
like O
it O
music_likeness

i O
live O
jazz B-music_genre
music_likeness

this O
song O
is O
very O
good O
music_likeness

song O
like O
this O
song O
music_likeness

list O
this O
song O
to O
my O
favorite O
list O
music_likeness

heart O
save O
this O
music O
in O
my O
playlist O
music_likeness

how O
about O
you O
make O
this O
music O
music_likeness

i O
was O
the O
music O
to O
be O
saved O
can O
you O
do O
it O
for O
me O
music_likeness

its O
। O
music_likeness

minimum O
this O
song O
to O
the O
maximum O
music_likeness

found O
lyrics O
of O
this O
song O
and O
save O
it O
it O
is O
very O
nice O
song O
music_likeness

saved O
my O
music O
preferences O
music_likeness

saved O
my O
music O
choices O
music_likeness

what O
and O
the O
band O
is O
playing O
now O
music_query

who O
is O
current O
music O
's O
author O
music_query

what O
says O
that O
the O
album O
is O
current O
music O
from O
music_query

whats O
। O
music_query

what O
music O
was O
this O
music_query

tells O
me O
the O
artist O
of O
this O
song O
music_query

what O
club O
playing O
music_query

album O
me O
the O
name O
of O
the O
song O
music_query

which O
song O
was O
that O
music_query

what O
see O
this O
song O
music_query

what O
music O
am O
i O
usually O
like O
after O
work O
music_query

what O
sing O
the O
song O
music_query

what O
the O
singer O
fuck O
by O
the O
title O
of O
the O
song O
bohemian B-song_name
rhapsody I-song_name
music_query

who O
give O
the O
song O
one B-song_name
more I-song_name
cup I-song_name
of I-song_name
coffee I-song_name
music_query

what O
hence O
the O
name O
of O
song O
music_query

who O
was O
the O
singer O
of O
song O
music_query

what O
denotes O
the O
length O
of O
song O
music_query

perry O
the O
album O
name O
with O
katy B-artist_name
perry I-artist_name
music_query

what O
song O
was O
playing O
music_query

who O
started O
singing O
this O
song O
music_query

emails O
me O
the O
lyrics O
to O
this O
song O
music_query

you O
you O
locate O
some O
gospel B-music_genre
music O
for O
me O
music_query

who O
keep O
singing O
that O
song O
on O
now O
music_query

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
that O
song O
that O
just O
went O
off O
music_query

found O
me O
the O
song O
currently O
palying O
music_query

what O
see O
name O
of O
the O
song O
currently O
playing O
music_query

i O
wants O
to O
know O
about O
this O
song O
music_query

setting O
lights O
brightness O
higher O
iot_hue_lightup

are O
lights O
brightener O
iot_hue_lightup

please O
give O
the O
lights O
to O
ma O
<unk> O
iot_hue_lightup

be O
the O
room B-house_place
brighter O
iot_hue_lightup

dim O
the O
lights O
brighter O
iot_hue_lightup

door O
the O
lamp B-device_type
next I-device_type
to I-device_type
the I-device_type
sofa I-device_type
iot_hue_lightup

darkness O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

degrees O
brightness O
by B-change_amount
twenty I-change_amount
percent I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

voltage O
lights O
to B-change_amount
full I-change_amount
power I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

lighting O
my O
bedroom B-house_place
light O
iot_hue_lightup

volume O
up O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

slightly B-change_amount
see O
the O
light O
iot_hue_lightup

make O
the O
light O
a B-change_amount
little I-change_amount
iot_hue_lightup

see O
the O
light O
more O
visible O
iot_hue_lightup

dinner O
order O
some O
sushi B-food_type
for O
dinner B-meal_type
takeaway_order

hey O
we O
'd O
like O
you O
to O
order O
burger B-food_type
takeaway_order

would O
you O
order O
sushi B-food_type
for O
tonight B-timeofday
dinner B-meal_type
takeaway_order

is O
i O
order O
takeaway B-order_type
dinner B-meal_type
from O
byron O
's O
takeaway_order

slice O
a O
pizza B-food_type
takeaway_order

give O
me O
a O
byron B-food_type
from O
deliveroo B-business_name
takeaway_order

go O
a O
takeaway B-order_type
takeaway_order

am O
i O
order O
takeaway B-order_type
from O
spanish B-food_type
place O
takeaway_order

would O
you O
please O
help O
me O
to O
order O
some O
sushi B-food_type
from O
deliveroo B-business_name
takeaway_order

get O
a O
pizza B-food_type
from O
pizza B-food_type
express O
takeaway_order

i O
could O
like O
to O
have O
a O
sushi B-food_type
can O
you O
order O
me O
a O
lunch B-meal_type
takeaway_order

take O
a O
takeaway B-order_type
sandwich B-food_type
and O
soup B-food_type
from O
the O
italian O
's O
takeaway_order

i O
have O
two O
burgers B-food_type
and O
one O
coke B-food_type
order O
it O
fast O
takeaway_order

you O
two O
hamburgers B-food_type
for O
me O
takeaway_order

and O
order O
of O
one O
pizza B-food_type
takeaway_order

hour O
i O
order O
take B-order_type
out I-order_type
food O
at O
this B-time
time I-time
takeaway_order

am O
takeout O
pizza B-food_type
from O
domino O
's O
for O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

place O
order O
to O
is B-food_type
takeout O
for O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

am O
pizza B-food_type
takeout O
for O
seven B-time
pm I-time
takeaway_order

was O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

be O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

hot O
it O
currently O
snowing B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

are O
the O
weeks B-time
forecast O
weather_query

was O
this B-date
weeks I-date
weather O
weather_query

tells O
me O
the O
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

news O
me O
the O
weather O
weather_query

what O
was O
the O
weather O
now O
weather_query

was O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
now O
weather_query

how O
is O
the O
weather O
like O
in O
beijing B-place_name
weather_query

told O
me O
the O
weather O
in O
shanghai B-place_name
weather_query

how O
was O
the O
weather O
like O
today B-date
weather_query

was O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

could O
i O
bring O
an O
umbrella B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
the O
weather O
in O
napels B-place_name
weather_query

paris O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
in O
barcelona B-place_name
weather_query

july B-weather_descriptor
in O
oslo B-place_name
weather_query

would O
it O
rain B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
going O
on O
outside O
weather_query

what O
see O
the O
weather O
in O
paris B-place_name
weather_query

what O
was O
the O
weather O
like O
in O
toronto B-place_name
weather_query

what O
was O
today O
's O
forecast O
for O
berlin B-place_name
weather_query

sunday O
you O
expect O
sun B-weather_descriptor
on O
sunday B-date
weather_query

afternoon O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
in O
the O
evening B-timeofday
weather_query

was O
it O
going O
to O
be O
windy B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
see O
the O
weather O
weather_query

what O
do O
the O
forecast O
for O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
avoid O
the O
weather O
like O
weather_query

was O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

told O
me O
the O
weather O
in O
barcelona B-place_name
in O
two B-time
days I-time
from I-time
now I-time
weather_query

should O
i O
get O
an O
umbrella B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

। O
weather_query

। B-timeofday
weather_query

। B-date
weather_query

what O
see O
the O
weather O
condition O
in O
ny O
weather_query

i O
get O
to O
know O
the O
weather O
in O
sf O
weather_query

wyoming O
it O
snowing B-weather_descriptor
in O
california B-place_name
weather_query

how O
would O
be O
the O
weather O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

wil O
it O
be O
rainy B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
would O
be O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
out O
there O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
the O
tomorrows B-date
weather O
predicitons O
weather_query

would O
it O
rain B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

would O
there O
be O
snow B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
is O
the O
weather O
like O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
city I-place_name
weather_query

what O
is O
the O
humidity B-weather_descriptor
level I-weather_descriptor
weather_query

wind O
me O
if O
the O
following O
is O
true O
about O
the O
weather O
weather_query

isn O
it O
<unk> O
here O
now O
weather_query

baghdad O
it O
sunny B-weather_descriptor
in O
tehran B-place_name
weather_query

was O
it O
raining B-weather_descriptor
here O
weather_query

if O
the O
weather O
app O
to O
see O
if O
weather_query

would O
it O
snow B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

would O
it O
be O
warm B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

what O
was O
the O
weather O
like O
right O
now O
weather_query

what O
is O
the O
weather O
like O
on O
friday B-date
weather_query

how O
warm B-weather_descriptor
s O
it O
outside O
right O
now O
weather_query

what O
damn O
the O
weather O
right O
now O
outside O
weather_query

how O
warm B-weather_descriptor
was O
it O
right O
now O
outside O
weather_query

here O
it O
cold B-weather_descriptor
outside O
right O
now O
weather_query

was O
it O
going O
to O
rain B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

could O
i O
wear O
a O
jacket B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

what O
was O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

was O
it O
hot B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

does O
is O
cold B-weather_descriptor
outside O
weather_query

menu O
the O
weather O
option O
weather_query

weather O
a O
weather O
weather_query

by O
proper O
... O
weather_query

by O
10 O
marks O
weather_query

by O
our O
... O
weather_query

is O
not O
possible O
weather_query

been O
not O
good O
weather_query

too O
very O
dangerous O
one O
weather_query

what O
is O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
weather_query

how O
warm B-weather_descriptor
was O
it O
weather_query

how O
cold B-weather_descriptor
was O
it O
weather_query

would O
it O
be O
raining B-weather_descriptor
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

would O
there O
be O
sunset O
at O
five O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
tomorrow B-date
weather_query

year O
there O
any O
chances O
of O
rain B-weather_descriptor
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
see O
the O
current O
weather O
weather_query

how O
warm B-weather_descriptor
was O
it O
now O
weather_query

what O
would O
the O
weather O
be O
like O
a O
week B-time
from I-time
now I-time
weather_query

on O
tuesday B-date
what O
was O
the O
weather O
supposed O
to O
be O
weather_query

what O
watch O
the O
weekend B-date
weather O
forecast O
weather_query

what O
would O
be O
the O
highest B-weather_descriptor
temperature I-weather_descriptor
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
chances O
made O
of O
snowfall B-weather_descriptor
this B-date
month I-date
weather_query

how O
see O
the O
current O
weather O
in O
california B-place_name
weather_query

how O
see O
the O
current O
weather O
in O
washington B-place_name
dc I-place_name
weather_query

what O
the O
status O
of O
current O
weather O
weather_query

what O
cbs O
the O
weather O
report O
weather_query

reports O
weather O
info O
weather_query

on O
weather O
weather_query

week O
weather O
stat O
for O
the O
week B-time
weather_query

day O
weather O
for O
the O
week B-time
weather_query

notes O
week O
's O
weather O
details O
weather_query

how O
cold B-weather_descriptor
s O
it O
outside O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
was O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
today B-date
weather_query

how O
humid B-weather_descriptor
was O
the O
environment O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
doesn O
the O
weather O
look O
like O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
was O
the O
weather O
supposed O
to O
be O
like O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

what O
do O
the O
weather O
forecast O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

call O
me O
when O
the O
outside O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
reaches I-weather_descriptor
sixty I-weather_descriptor
eight I-weather_descriptor
degrees I-weather_descriptor
weather_query

how O
was O
the O
weather O
today B-date
weather_query

what O
was O
the O
temperature B-weather_descriptor
right O
now O
weather_query

how O
is O
the O
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

winter B-weather_descriptor
or O
heavy B-weather_descriptor
weather O
weather_query

may O
me O
the O
highest B-weather_descriptor
weather O
this B-date
week I-date
weather_query

off O
summer B-weather_descriptor
going O
on O
weather_query

loops B-player_setting
this O
track O
music_settings

to B-player_setting
this O
playlist O
music_settings

enable O
। B-player_setting
music_settings

save O
। O
music_settings

disable B-player_setting
। B-player_setting
music_settings

this B-player_setting
album O
music_settings

say O
lower B-player_setting
the O
shuffle B-player_setting
rate O
of O
hips O
don O
't O
lie O
music_settings

god O
repeat B-player_setting
that O
music O
again O
of O
akon B-artist_name
music_settings

sets O
the O
volume O
to B-change_amount
low I-change_amount
audio_volume_down

you O
be O
too O
loud O
audio_volume_down

। O
audio_volume_down

। O
audio_volume_down

turned O
down O
volume O
audio_volume_down

lower O
the O
। O
audio_volume_down

it O
be O
too O
loud O
decrease O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_down

octave O
you O
please O
lower O
your O
volume O
audio_volume_down

see O
me O
laugh O
general_joke

story O
me O
a O
good B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

darling O
a O
giggle O
my O
way O
general_joke

told O
me O
a O
joke O
general_joke

##e O
me O
up O
general_joke

told O
me O
some O
joke O
general_joke

of O
you O
know O
any O
joke O
general_joke

story O
you O
tell O
me O
a O
joke O
general_joke

story O
me O
a O
funny B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

whats O
a O
silly B-joke_type
joke O
you O
| O
general_joke

laugh O
a O
good B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

told O
me O
random B-joke_type
joke O
general_joke

i O
won O
't O
like O
it O
music_dislikeness

palm O
down O
music_dislikeness

length O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_other

speaker O
the O
volume O
of O
the O
speakers O
audio_volume_other

made O
me O
a O
coffee O
iot_coffee

i O
had O
a O
coffee O
iot_coffee

i O
want O
some O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

yo O
i O
needs O
a O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

##pot O
the O
coffee B-device_type
machine I-device_type
iot_coffee

be O
a O
cup O
of O
coffee O
ready O
now O
iot_coffee

maker O
coffee B-device_type
maker I-device_type
iot_coffee

your O
coffee O
iot_coffee

access O
coffee B-device_type
maker I-device_type
##making O
process O
iot_coffee

some O
coffee O
iot_coffee

tea O
make O
a O
coffee O
iot_coffee

breakfast O
you O
bring O
me O
a O
nice B-coffee_type
coffee O
iot_coffee

i O
wanted O
to O
drink O
the O
coffee O
that O
you O
made O
iot_coffee

made O
coffee O
now O
iot_coffee

have O
coffee O
at O
eight B-time
am I-time
iot_coffee

brew O
left O
at O
noon B-timeofday
iot_coffee

i O
shaped O
like O
an O
espresso B-coffee_type
iot_coffee

am O
i O
please O
have O
a O
cafe O
americano B-coffee_type
iot_coffee

i O
and O
coffee O
iot_coffee

music O
up O
the O
volume O
audio_volume_up

go O
up O
audio_volume_up

i O
won O
't O
hear O
you O
audio_volume_up

i O
could O
barely O
hear O
you O
audio_volume_up

your O
volume O
audio_volume_up

or O
you O
speak O
a O
little O
louder O
audio_volume_up

i O
be O
unable O
to O
hear O
you O
can O
you O
speak O
little O
loud O
audio_volume_up

loud O
speak O
loud O
audio_volume_up

know O
increase O
the O
volume O
of O
the O
music O
hips O
don O
't O
lie O
audio_volume_up

of O
volume O
audio_volume_up

turns O
up O
sound O
audio_volume_up

louder O
louder O
please O
audio_volume_up

##s O
after O
audio_volume_up

bringing O
back O
talking O
after O
audio_volume_up

light O
on O
the O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

button O
on O
the O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

lights O
on O
my O
plug B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

turns O
on O
the O
rice B-device_type
cooker I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_on

enable O
my O
... B-device_type
iot_wemo_on

button O
on O
the O
smart B-device_type
charger I-device_type
iot_wemo_on

do O
the O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
on O
iot_wemo_on

switches O
the O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket O
iot_wemo_on

turns O
off O
the O
rice B-device_type
cooker I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

disable O
my O
... B-device_type
iot_wemo_off

and O
off O
the O
smart B-device_type
plug I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

powered O
down O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
one I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

called O
turn O
off O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
of O
my O
phone B-device_type
when O
it O
'll O
be O
charged O
iot_wemo_off

i O
wants O
you O
to O
turn O
off O
the O
plug B-device_type
socket I-device_type
before O
the O
cellphone B-device_type
is O
charged O
iot_wemo_off

do O
u O
turn O
off O
wemo B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

turned O
off O
wemo B-device_type
iot_wemo_off

turns O
off O
smart B-device_type
socket I-device_type
iot_wemo_off

off B-device_type
plug I-device_type
socket I-device_type
off O
iot_wemo_off

keeps O
me O
uted O
on O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
prices I-news_topic
qa_stock

please O
send O
me O
news O
related O
to O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

what O
is O
new O
with O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

what O
ask O
some O
utes O
about O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

what O
see O
the O
latest O
on O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

i O
will O
like O
to O
receive O
utes O
about O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
every B-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
qa_stock

what O
see O
the O
current O
stock B-news_topic
prices I-news_topic
for O
google B-business_name
qa_stock

exchange O
notification O
for O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

turns O
on O
notification O
for O
all O
news O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

notify O
me O
of O
the O
latest O
attack O
on O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
qa_stock

sending O
me O
the O
stock B-news_topic
market I-news_topic
utes O
for O
today B-date
qa_stock

market O
market O
qa_stock

floating O
exchange O
rates O
qa_stock

how O
much O
rate O
would O
be O
calculated O
qa_stock

told O
me O
which O
stocks O
were O
the O
biggest O
gainers O
in O
stock O
market O
nasdaq O
today B-date
qa_stock

return O
me O
which O
mutual O
funds O
have O
maximum O
yearly O
returns O
qa_stock

how O
were O
my O
stocks O
doing O
today B-date
qa_stock

what O
is O
the O
stock O
price O
of O
<unk> O
qa_stock

what O
buy O
my O
stock O
fluctuations O
qa_stock

interest O
my O
stock O
increased O
in O
value O
qa_stock

what O
is O
the O
stock O
price O
of O
<unk> O
qa_stock

what O
see O
the O
current O
stocks O
for O
yahoo B-business_name
qa_stock

make O
bing O
's O
stocks O
dropped O
qa_stock

what O
was O
the O
current O
share O
value O
for O
msnbc B-business_name
qa_stock

what O
see O
the O
stock O
price O
for O
lexmark B-business_name
qa_stock

told O
me O
lexmark O
's O
current O
stock O
price O
qa_stock

international O
stock O
price O
for O
lexmark B-business_name
international O
qa_stock

music O
my O
favorite O
station O
play_radio

website O
my O
favorite O
pandora B-app_name
station O
play_radio

##thing O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

is O
you O
turn O
on O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

television O
bbc B-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

play O
in O
some O
radio O
play_radio

radio O
start O
radio O
play_radio

hear O
my O
radio O
station O
play_radio

turned O
on O
some O
radio O
station O
play_radio

television O
bbc B-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

music O
my O
favourite O
radio O
play_radio

music O
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

radio O
some O
radio O
play_radio

am O
music O
radio O
for O
me O
play_radio

music O
the O
radio O
play_radio

film O
the O
radio O
play_radio

someone O
hit O
the O
radio O
play_radio

am O
my O
rock B-music_genre
station O
on O
pandora B-app_name
play_radio

open O
pandora B-app_name
space O
rock B-music_genre
station O
play_radio

open O
iheartradio B-app_name
to O
the O
rock B-music_genre
play_radio

song O
my O
station O
play_radio

on O
npr O
play_radio

what O
were O
the O
new O
rock B-music_genre
radio O
stations O
play_radio

select O
the O
menu O
play_radio

select O
station O
you O
: O
play_radio

turned O
on O
eighty O
nine O
<unk> O
play_radio

ten O
to O
one O
thousand O
and O
eleven O
play_radio

turn O
radio O
to O
nine O
ten O
and O
eighty O
seven O
play_radio

internet O
a O
pop B-radio_name
station I-radio_name
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

i O
are O
you O
to O
turn O
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

television O
you O
turn O
on O
the O
radio O
play_radio

make O
me O
a O
radio O
channel O
for O
trance B-radio_name
music I-radio_name
play_radio

plays O
me O
news B-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

make O
a O
radio O
channel O
for O
good B-radio_name
jokes I-radio_name
play_radio

plays O
me O
the O
top B-radio_name
one I-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

plays O
me O
the O
wvaq B-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

plays O
the O
rock B-radio_name
ninety I-radio_name
two I-radio_name
radio O
channel O
play_radio

ally O
please O
on O
pandora B-app_name
radio O
play_radio

turn O
to O
left O
one O
thousand O
and O
twenty O
seven O
ally O
play_radio

or O
turn O
on O
the O
radio O
to O
a O
random B-radio_name
station O
ally O
play_radio

open O
। B-app_name
play_radio

do O
<unk> O
radio O
play_radio

for O
<unk> O
play_radio

eight O
to O
channel O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
play_radio

turn O
on O
the O
radio O
and O
on O
channel O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
play_radio

look O
for O
channel O
one O
thousand O
and O
sixty O
nine O
and O
is O
it O
play_radio

on O
npr B-radio_name
play_radio

play O
। B-app_name
play_radio

on O
soundcloud B-radio_name
play_radio

club O
the O
urban B-radio_name
radio O
station O
play_radio

plays O
the O
top B-radio_name
forty I-radio_name
radio O
play_radio

sound O
you O
play O
acoustic B-radio_name
music I-radio_name
with O
no O
commercials O
play_radio

plays O
the O
radio O
station O
play_radio

replay O
the O
top B-radio_name
forty I-radio_name
station I-radio_name
with I-radio_name
rocket I-radio_name
and I-radio_name
theresa I-radio_name
play_radio

club O
the O
kansas B-radio_name
city I-radio_name
hip I-radio_name
hop I-radio_name
station O
play_radio

tell O
me O
to O
the O
huffington B-media_type
post I-media_type
website O
social_post

sent O
a O
message O
on O
facebook O
to O
pending O
friend O
requests O
that O
my O
friend O
list O
is O
full O
and O
i O
will O
be O
creating O
a O
new O
profile O
soon O
social_post

girlfriends O
a O
funny O
message O
to O
all O
of O
my O
friends O
social_post

going O
to O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
and O
post O
the O
following O
status O
social_post

get O
status O
started O
in O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
social_post

given O
the O
status O
posted O
for O
the O
following O
social_post

get O
to O
online O
site O
social_post

point O
to O
timeline O
social_post

make O
something O
and O
post O
social_post

post O
that O
i O
was O
going O
to O
mcdonalds B-business_name
at O
manhattan B-place_name
social_post

post O
that O
i O
was O
going O
to O
walmart B-business_name
for O
shopping O
social_post

post O
that O
i O
was O
going O
to O
woodland B-business_name
shoe I-business_name
store I-business_name
social_post

network O
you O
upload O
my O
latest O
selfie O
in O
my O
social O
media O
social_post

twitter O
you O
upload O
my O
latest O
selfie O
in O
my O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

may O
you O
upload O
my O
latest O
selfie O
in O
my O
facebook B-media_type
account I-media_type
social_post

facebook O
you O
post O
my O
business O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

use O
my O
business O
on O
all O
my O
social O
media O
sites O
social_post

youtube O
my O
business O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

youtube O
post O
this O
picture O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

evening O
ute O
my O
status O
on O
facebook B-media_type
with O
good O
evening O
social_post

twitter O
my O
current O
location O
on O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

youtube O
this O
message O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

youtube O
retweet O
this O
post O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

youtube O
this O
picture O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

rest O
day O
whishes O
social_post

ring B-event_name
whishes O
social_post

shared O
in O
friends O
post O
social_post

post O
new O
status O
on O
facebook B-media_type
time O
to O
online O
social_post

include O
in O
fb O
my O
birthday B-event_name
event O
social_post

post O
in O
tweeter O
my O
vist O
to O
is O
social_post

and O
in O
pinterest B-media_type
about O
my O
new O
chicken O
recipe O
social_post

b O
hey O
everyone O
on O
fb O
social_post

tweet O
i O
is O
doing O
well O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_post

c O
a O
status O
happy O
birthday B-event_name
mom B-relation
on O
fb O
social_post

twitter O
this O
message O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

twitter O
a O
post O
in O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

use O
facebook B-media_type
to O
... O
social_post

youtube O
that O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

you B-media_type
something O
for O
me O
social_post

i O
we O
share O
that O
social_post

may O
you O
ute O
my O
facebook B-media_type
profile O
picture O
to O
the O
image O
i O
took O
from O
google O
office O
yesterday B-date
social_post

this O
article O
was O
super O
cool O
can O
you O
share O
the O
link O
to O
facebook B-media_type
for O
me O
social_post

may O
an O
article O
in O
pinterest B-media_type
social_post

video O
a O
video O
in O
youtube B-media_type
social_post

facebook O
a O
comment O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_post

post O
on O
my O
fb O
account O
that O
i O
get O
engaged O
social_post

my O
trip O
to O
did O
photopost O
it O
on O
instagram B-media_type
social_post

listened O
song O
of O
arijit O
singhpost O
it O
on O
my O
fb O
account O
social_post

hello O
wish O
monika B-person
happy O
turned B-event_name
on O
her O
timeline O
social_post

hello O
siri O
post O
my O
last O
clicked O
photo O
on O
facebook B-media_type
with O
title O
marry O
christmas O
social_post

hello O
google O
post O
my O
current O
status O
on O
twitter B-media_type
getting O
a O
great O
trip O
to O
paris B-place_name
with O
friends B-relation
and O
family B-relation
social_post

email B-media_type
status O
busy O
day O
social_post

facebook B-media_type
status O
is O
that O
sunrise O
social_post

facebook B-media_type
status O
anyone O
to O
go O
to O
the O
movies O
social_post

dining O
me O
a O
nice O
restaurant B-business_type
for O
dinner B-meal_type
recommendation_locations

which O
are O
the O
nearest O
restaurants B-business_type
available O
recommendation_locations

america O
me O
some O
best B-place_name
tourist I-place_name
places I-place_name
to O
visit O
in O
america B-place_name
recommendation_locations

where O
was O
a O
good O
place O
to O
eat O
cheap O
pakistani B-food_type
food I-food_type
recommendation_locations

which O
be O
the O
best O
place O
to O
visit O
in O
this B-date
month I-date
recommendation_locations

where O
may O
i O
get O
shawarma B-food_type
in O
this O
area O
recommendation_locations

and O
a O
grocery B-business_type
store I-business_type
in O
town O
that O
carries O
creamed O
pickled O
herring O
recommendation_locations

what O
was O
the O
best O
italian B-food_type
restaurant B-business_type
around O
here O
recommendation_locations

where O
monet O
's O
exhibition O
taken O
place O
recommendation_locations

population O
of O
the O
nearby O
restaurant B-business_type
recommendation_locations

what O
pubs B-business_type
came O
close O
recommendation_locations

told O
me O
pizza B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
close O
by O
recommendation_locations

what O
is O
the O
best O
chicken B-business_type
place I-business_type
near O
me O
recommendation_locations

store O
the O
closest O
sainsbury O
's O
recommendation_locations

telling O
me O
chinese B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
in O
the O
area O
recommendation_locations

what O
pubs B-business_type
came O
close O
to O
me O
recommendation_locations

cambridge O
there O
any O
electronics B-business_type
shops I-business_type
around O
white B-place_name
chapel I-place_name
in O
london B-place_name
recommendation_locations

was O
there O
any O
grocery B-business_type
nearby O
recommendation_locations

where O
has O
a O
petrol B-business_type
station I-business_type
in O
five B-place_name
mile I-place_name
radius I-place_name
recommendation_locations

app B-business_type
shop I-business_type
recommendation_locations

tasting B-business_type
shop I-business_type
recommendation_locations

tea O
shop O
recommendation_locations

is O
much O
recommendation_locations

how O
much O
was O
recommendation_locations

what O
has O
the O
best O
italian B-food_type
restaurants B-business_type
in O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
recommendation_locations

dinner O
you O
suggest O
me O
a O
healthy B-food_type
foods I-food_type
for O
dinner O
cooking_recipe

your O
recipe O
of O
steak B-food_type
is O
superb O
cooking_recipe

hard O
soft B-food_type
cheese I-food_type
better O
than O
hard O
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
would O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
the O
eggs B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
why O
do O
i O
need O
for O
tomato B-food_type
soup I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
to O
are O
cheescake O
cooking_recipe

told O
me O
how O
to O
cook B-cooking_type
steak B-food_type
cooking_recipe

whats O
used O
to O
make O
pizza B-food_type
cooking_recipe

whats O
the O
recipe O
for O
oats B-food_type
... I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
did O
i O
make O
a O
pizza B-food_type
cooking_recipe

is O
the O
recipe O
for O
pasta O
sause O
cooking_recipe

told O
me O
how O
to O
make O
garlic B-food_type
bread I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
did O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
rise O
cooking_recipe

how O
did O
i O
roll B-cooking_type
sushi B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
could O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
an O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

tells O
me O
the O
recepie O
of O
cooking_recipe

how O
much O
time O
did O
i O
have O
to O
boil B-cooking_type
an O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
much O
time O
to O
is B-cooking_type
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

told O
me O
how O
to O
cook B-cooking_type
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
did O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
a O
pasta B-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
would O
i O
boil B-cooking_type
the O
egg B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
ingredients O
were O
needed O
for O
pudding B-food_type
cooking_recipe

one O
a O
recipe O
for O
a O
romantic O
dinner O
for O
two O
cooking_recipe

what O
sometimes O
i O
cook O
with O
broccoli B-ingredient
and O
chicken B-ingredient
cooking_recipe

how O
many O
millilitres O
are O
two O
table O
spoons O
cooking_recipe

save O
me O
some O
recipes O
for O
<unk> O
cooking_recipe

how O
may O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
<unk> O
cooking_recipe

i O
add O
some O
<unk> O
how O
do O
i O
prepare O
this O
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
would O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
a O
hamburger B-food_type
on O
each O
side O
cooking_recipe

what O
temperature O
would O
the O
oil B-ingredient
be O
for O
frying B-cooking_type
french B-food_type
fries I-food_type
cooking_recipe

finds O
me O
a O
chocolate B-food_type
cake I-food_type
recipe O
cooking_recipe

how O
did O
i O
cook B-cooking_type
butter B-food_type
chicken I-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
all O
grew O
into O
a O
red B-food_type
velvet I-food_type
cake I-food_type
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
doesn O
it O
take O
to O
make O
vegetable B-food_type
lasagna I-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
is O
the O
recipe O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

friends O
the O
most O
popular O
recipie O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
has O
the O
best O
recipe O
for O
tacos B-food_type
cooking_recipe

what O
see O
the O
recipe O
for O
cooking_recipe

what O
set O
the O
oven O
temperature O
be O
cooking_recipe

how O
long O
did O
you O
cook O
it O
cooking_recipe

got O
me O
a O
recipe O
cooking_recipe

will O
send O
a O
reminder O
email O
to O
peter O
and O
ask O
him O
how O
long O
he O
will O
be O
taking O
to O
prepare O
the O
presentation O
ppt O
email_sendemail

i O
do O
not O
want O
you O
to O
send O
that O
text O
yet O
wait O
until O
i O
say O
send O
email_sendemail

write O
go O
to O
our O
friends B-relation
email_sendemail

see O
a O
mail O
to O
whom O
to O
talk O
email_sendemail

find O
a O
group O
mail O
to O
lookafter O
email_sendemail

offices O
send O
a O
mail O
to O
mr B-person
richard I-person
stating O
that O
i O
going O
to O
met B-event_name
him I-event_name
on O
one O
divided O
by O
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
at O
this O
office B-place_name
email_sendemail

am O
send O
a O
voice O
mail O
to O
mr B-person
richard I-person
office O
about O
meting B-event_name
him O
on O
one O
divided O
by O
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
email_sendemail

sent O
an O
email O
to O
sarah B-person
about O
brunch B-event_name
today B-date
email_sendemail

text O
sarah B-person
if O
she O
felt O
free O
for O
brunch B-event_name
today B-date
email_sendemail

mail O
my O
appointments B-event_name
to O
reschedule O
email_sendemail

sent O
an O
email O
to O
peter O
asking O
him O
which O
one O
dress O
should O
i O
bring O
and O
attach O
the O
photos O
of O
dresses O
taken O
recently O
email_sendemail

my O
friend O
email_sendemail

early O
text O
messages O
for O
later O
email_sendemail

send O
email O
to O
##s B-person
saying O
last O
evening O
was O
wild O
email_sendemail

reply O
to O
stating B-person
that O
i O
am O
on O
my O
way O
email_sendemail

drop O
a O
message O
to O
or B-person
write O
i O
will O
be O
late O
email_sendemail

sister O
email O
to O
my O
brother B-relation
email_sendemail

please O
make O
my O
team B-relation
email_sendemail

blog O
my O
favourite O
contacts O
email_sendemail

hey O
call O
jan B-person
about O
our O
meeting B-event_name
email_sendemail

and O
send O
email O
to O
pawel B-person
with O
reminder O
email_sendemail

email O
to O
##ing B-person
regarding O
latest O
news O
email_sendemail

hey O
in O
reply O
to O
last O
pawel O
's O
email O
email_sendemail

answer O
to O
mike O
's O
email O
email_sendemail

would O
you O
please O
send O
back O
to O
pawel B-person
this O
answer O
email_sendemail

e O
an O
email O
to O
c@emoteckco O
email_sendemail

com O
an O
email O
to O
toby B-person
at O
tobytoday B-email_address
dot I-email_address
com I-email_address
email_sendemail

com O
an O
email O
to O
jeff B-email_address
at I-email_address
gmail I-email_address
dot I-email_address
com I-email_address
email_sendemail

send O
email O
to O
##ing B-person
saying O
i O
will O
be O
late O
please O
don O
't O
wait O
with O
dinner B-meal_type
email_sendemail

email O
to O
you B-person
with O
content O
project O
finished O
send O
me O
invoice O
please O
email_sendemail

email O
to O
seth B-person
how O
are O
you O
can O
you O
send O
me O
utes O
on O
last O
project O
cheers O
tomasz O
email_sendemail

email O
to O
seth B-person
how O
are O
you O
can O
you O
send O
me O
utes O
on O
last O
project O
cheers O
tomasz O
email_sendemail

say O
you O
send O
an O
email O
to O
chelsea B-person
please O
email_sendemail

##ing O
chelsea B-person
email_sendemail

week O
an O
email O
to O
my O
mum B-relation
that O
i O
will O
visit O
her O
next O
weekend O
email_sendemail

back O
an O
email O
to O
jason B-person
that O
i O
will O
not O
come O
tonight B-timeofday
email_sendemail

beach O
my O
sister B-relation
about O
mom O
's O
birthday B-event_name
jane B-person
we O
should O
think O
about O
arranging O
the O
party O
at O
the O
park O
email_sendemail

email O
james B-person
about O
the O
softball O
game O
and B-person
we O
need O
to O
get O
some O
refreshments O
before O
heading O
over O
email_sendemail

email O
david B-person
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
david B-person
when O
we O
have O
the O
meeting B-event_name
in O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
email_sendemail

reply O
to O
last O
email O
letter O
sorry O
cannot O
make O
it O
email_sendemail

reply O
to O
is B-relation
write O
'i O
will O
be O
late O
email_sendemail

respond O
to O
all B-person
that O
that O
am O
on O
my O
way O
email_sendemail

goes O
to O
contacts O
and O
add O
a O
new O
email O
to O
the O
list O
email_sendemail

here O
find O
a O
new O
email O
address O
to O
be O
added O
to O
the O
contacts O
email_sendemail

be O
to O
contacts O
and O
enter O
a O
new O
email O
address O
email_sendemail

come O
to O
ne O
mail O
compile O
email_sendemail

add O
personal O
id O
subject O
content O
email_sendemail

word O
that O
email_sendemail

try O
a O
new O
email O
to O
email_sendemail

send O
to O
the O
contact O
an O
email O
as O
will O
email_sendemail

gone O
to O
email O
and O
send O
message O
to O
email_sendemail

message O
reply O
to O
my O
most O
recent O
email O
email_sendemail

open O
my O
most O
recent O
##mail O
and O
reply O
email_sendemail

letter O
to O
most O
recent O
email O
email_sendemail

sent O
an O
email O
to O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

post O
a O
new O
email O
to O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

writes O
an O
email O
recipient O
ray B-person
email_sendemail

how O
we O
was O
email_sendemail

how O
its O
confusing O
to O
us O
email_sendemail

how O
we O
do O
get O
credit O
email_sendemail

mother O
my O
mother B-relation
email_sendemail

mother O
an O
email O
to O
my O
boss B-relation
email_sendemail

see O
an O
email O
to O
sjobs@applecom O
email_sendemail

forward O
return O
address O
to O
my O
new O
email O
email_sendemail

email O
email O
to O
current O
email O
address O
email_sendemail

and O
send O
to O
new O
email O
address O
listed O
email_sendemail

mail O
this O
content O
via O
email O
email_sendemail

forward O
send O
content O
to O
<unk> O
with O
email O
email_sendemail

pass O
the O
messages O
using O
email O
to O
email_sendemail

what O
was O
the O
gross O
domestic O
product O
of O
us B-place_name
qa_factoid

told O
me O
comics O
of O
charlie B-person
chaplin I-person
qa_factoid

when O
a O
sunset O
qa_factoid

what O
about O
was B-place_name
qa_factoid

where O
el O
tona B-place_name
qa_factoid

who O
consider O
the B-news_topic
presidential I-news_topic
election I-news_topic
this B-date
year I-date
qa_factoid

told O
me O
about O
martin B-person
luther I-person
king I-person
jr I-person
qa_factoid

who O
recently O
appointed O
as O
deputy O
cm O
of O
uttar O
pradesh O
qa_factoid

when O
happy O
christmas B-event_name
qa_factoid

where O
in O
the O
convention B-place_name
center I-place_name
located O
qa_factoid

when O
see O
the O
super B-event_name
bowl I-event_name
officially O
start O
qa_factoid

what O
fried O
buttermilk B-food_type
qa_factoid

london O
i O
have O
a O
list O
of O
five B-list_name
star I-list_name
hotels I-list_name
in O
paris B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
many O
stars O
calls O
swat B-movie_name
received O
on O
imdb O
qa_factoid

where O
2nd O
place O
qa_factoid

where O
james O
mcmennamin O
's O
qa_factoid

told O
me O
something O
about O
qa_factoid

anything O
you O
hear O
about O
qa_factoid

you O
should O
know O
about O
qa_factoid

who O
see O
barack B-person
obama I-person
qa_factoid

how O
tall O
was O
micheal B-person
jackson I-person
qa_factoid

who O
acting O
president O
of O
poland B-place_name
qa_factoid

what O
was O
the O
capital O
of O
china B-place_name
qa_factoid

where O
the O
botzwana O
qa_factoid

what O
was O
the O
highest O
building O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
tall O
was O
a O
giraffe O
qa_factoid

how O
hot O
were O
summers O
in O
gibraltar B-place_name
qa_factoid

। O
qa_factoid

tel O
me O
if O
<unk> O
qa_factoid

which O
was O
the O
highest O
peak O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

what O
see O
the O
gdp O
of O
usa B-place_name
qa_factoid

what O
was O
the O
financial O
capital O
of O
canada B-place_name
qa_factoid

matrix O
the O
resistance O
of O
this O
resistor O
qa_factoid

calcualte O
ohm O
's O
law O
conjecture O
on O
these O
values O
qa_factoid

typing O
google O
shopping O
for O
the O
best O
price O
on O
a O
monoprice O
mxblue O
mechanical O
keyboard O
qa_factoid

what O
were O
the O
oil O
prices O
like O
today B-date
for O
a O
barrel O
of O
crude O
oil O
qa_factoid

what O
see O
the O
plot O
of O
the O
most O
recent O
will B-person
smith I-person
movie O
qa_factoid

told O
me O
which O
politician O
is O
being O
investigated O
qa_factoid

what O
has O
the O
lowest O
population O
per O
square O
mile O
in O
africa B-place_name
qa_factoid

i O
needed O
to O
know O
why O
girls O
are O
so O
different O
to O
man O
explained O
as O
science O
man O
qa_factoid

how O
old O
was O
mariah B-person
carey I-person
qa_factoid

what O
city O
do O
anthony B-person
keidis I-person
live O
in O
qa_factoid

when O
1960 O
frank B-person
sinatra I-person
born O
qa_factoid

and O
you O
give O
me O
the O
details O
of O
indian B-place_name
embassy O
qa_factoid

told O
me O
what O
movie O
was O
the O
winner O
of O
last O
year O
's O
academy O
award O
for O
best O
picture O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
times O
would O
the O
size O
of O
texas B-place_name
fit O
into O
the O
size O
of O
alaska B-place_name
qa_factoid

how O
many O
countries O
were O
in O
the O
european O
union O
qa_factoid

may B-person
spears I-person
qa_factoid

what O
age O
was O
britney B-person
spears I-person
qa_factoid

how O
old O
did O
cher B-person
qa_factoid

what O
was O
clint B-person
eastwood I-person
doing O
these O
days O
qa_factoid

finds O
out O
for O
me O
what O
the O
topic O
is O
of O
each O
oswald O
chambers O
book O
qa_factoid

david O
the O
book O
of O
daniel B-person
to O
me O
qa_factoid

what O
was O
the O
sixteenth O
president O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
ounces O
are O
in O
a O
quart O
qa_factoid

। O
qa_factoid

when O
may O
the O
ussr B-place_name
dissolve O
and O
the O
soviet O
union O
rise O
to O
power O
qa_factoid

what O
has O
the O
worlds O
record O
for O
the O
longest O
head O
of O
hair O
qa_factoid

when O
musician O
bryan B-person
adams I-person
born O
qa_factoid

what O
state O
was O
david B-person
lynch I-person
from O
qa_factoid

how O
tall O
was O
trevor B-person
noah I-person
qa_factoid

when O
see O
st O
patrick O
's O
day O
qa_factoid

why O
isnt O
am B-person
sandler I-person
funny O
qa_factoid

told O
me O
why O
bill B-person
bur I-person
is O
a O
better O
comedia O
than O
iliza B-person
schleshinger I-person
qa_factoid

call O
me O
tom B-person
hanks I-person
middle O
name O
qa_factoid

what O
the O
robin B-person
williams I-person
birthday O
qa_factoid

call O
me O
billy B-person
crytals I-person
address O
qa_factoid

may O
me O
a O
flight O
to O
mars O
next B-date
year I-date
qa_factoid

i O
would O
be O
at O
pizza O
hut O
in O
ten O
minutes O
and O
will O
stay O
there O
for O
next O
forty O
minutes O
arrange O
an O
uber O
for O
me O
that O
can O
drop O
me O
home O
qa_factoid

singing O
meryl B-person
streep I-person
an O
actress O
or O
singer O
qa_factoid

was O
beyonce B-person
married O
or O
divorced O
qa_factoid

how O
old O
was O
tony B-person
bennett I-person
qa_factoid

how O
many O
oceans O
aren O
there O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

what O
see O
the O
total O
number O
of O
oceans O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

universe O
you O
tell O
me O
the O
total O
number O
of O
oceans O
in O
the O
world O
qa_factoid

who O
is O
the O
current O
prime O
minister O
of O
britain B-place_name
qa_factoid

which O
50 O
longest O
buildings O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

which O
second O
longest O
river O
in O
the O
world B-place_name
qa_factoid

is O
you O
know O
actor O
surya B-person
qa_factoid

what O
was O
the O
residing O
place O
of O
cricketer O
dhoni B-person
qa_factoid

and O
give O
height O
of O
lindsey B-person
lohan I-person
qa_factoid

ahmed O
give O
me O
information O
next O
movie O
of O
aamir B-person
khan I-person
qa_factoid

and O
give O
me O
address O
of O
salman B-person
khan I-person
apartment O
qa_factoid

what O
was O
the O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
qa_factoid

the O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
a O
what O
qa_factoid

africa O
the O
capital O
of O
nigeria B-place_name
qa_factoid

। O
qa_factoid

how O
big O
was O
the O
cosmos O
qa_factoid

who O
featuring O
taylor B-person
swift I-person
qa_factoid

who O
was O
the O
person O
behind O
the O
song O
of O
taylor O
swift O
back O
to O
december B-date
qa_factoid

when O
was O
the O
birthdate O
of O
taylor B-person
lautner I-person
qa_factoid

how O
many O
is O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
oceans O
were O
there O
qa_factoid

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
tallest O
man O
qa_factoid

who O
overlooking O
napoleon B-person
hill I-person
qa_factoid

what O
is O
bob O
scrote O
's O
net O
worth O
qa_factoid

what O
why O
did O
erica B-person
grebe I-person
win O
last B-date
night I-date
qa_factoid

number O
you O
know O
jessica O
snout O
's O
phone O
number O
qa_factoid

what O
increased O
population O
per O
mile O
in O
asia O
qa_factoid

provide O
valid O
references O
with O
information O
to O
helps O
people O
understand O
critical O
thinking O
and O
giving O
credit O
where O
credit O
is O
due O
rather O
than O
perpetuate O
fake O
news O
and O
alternative O
facts O
qa_factoid

orleans O
distance O
from O
boston B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
qa_factoid

what O
remember O
channing O
tatum O
's O
birthday O
qa_factoid

how O
tall O
was O
channin B-person
tatum I-person
qa_factoid

where O
said O
channing B-person
tatum I-person
from O
qa_factoid

how O
many O
people O
lived O
in O
los B-place_name
angeles I-place_name
qa_factoid

life O
me O
all O
the O
current O
events O
in O
my O
hometown B-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
keep O
happening O
recommendation_events

current O
local O
: O
recommendation_events

current O
। O
recommendation_events

whats O
based O
in O
ny B-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
was O
playing O
at O
the O
local B-place_name
theater I-place_name
right O
now O
recommendation_events

what O
events O
were O
going O
in O
my O
town B-place_name
this B-date
week I-date
recommendation_events

location O
me O
upcoming O
events O
in O
this O
area O
recommendation_events

boston O
me O
upcoming O
events O
in O
chicago B-place_name
recommendation_events

shows O
me O
upcoming O
events O
in O
the O
quad B-place_name
cities I-place_name
recommendation_events

i O
really O
went O
to O
go O
to O
keiv B-place_name
is O
there O
any O
good O
events O
there O
in O
april B-date
recommendation_events

who O
and O
why O
go O
on O
at O
the O
theater B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
recommendation_events

what O
won O
that O
event O
recommendation_events

what O
was O
happening O
at O
that O
event O
recommendation_events

shows O
me O
more O
information O
about O
this O
event O
recommendation_events

what O
events O
were O
coming O
up O
recommendation_events

is O
there O
any O
events O
coming O
up O
recommendation_events

news O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

for O
local O
events O
recommendation_events

what O
events O
were O
happening O
in O
seattle B-place_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
recommendation_events

week O
there O
any O
fun O
things O
to O
do O
in O
seattle B-place_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
recommendation_events

this B-date
weekend I-date
what O
events O
were O
going O
on O
in O
seattle B-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
still O
happening O
tomorrow B-date
recommendation_events

what O
held O
on O
the O
fourth B-date
of I-date
july I-date
recommendation_events

place O
on O
holidays B-event_name
in O
my O
location O
recommendation_events

search O
for O
any O
special B-event_name
holidays I-event_name
for O
us B-place_name
country I-place_name
recommendation_events

dates O
for O
recent O
happenings O
on O
the O
particular O
dates O
recommendation_events

news O
of O
the O
upcoming O
events O
recommendation_events

region O
for O
events O
in O
the O
chicago B-place_name
area I-place_name
recommendation_events

what O
did O
i O
do O
in O
berlin B-place_name
recommendation_events

tokyo O
me O
about O
things O
to O
do O
in O
london B-place_name
recommendation_events

orleans O
you O
suggest O
some O
fun O
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
recommendation_events

reminds O
me O
if O
anything O
else O
happens O
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
to O
do O
something O
then O
calendar_set

about O
me O
after O
calendar_set

replace O
me O
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

get O
a O
notification O
for O
sports B-event_name
game I-event_name
calendar_set

canada O
notifications O
on O
the O
current O
weather B-event_name
disasters I-event_name
in O
america B-place_name
calendar_set

remember O
my O
friend O
to O
get O
the O
assignment O
tomorow O
calendar_set

and O
me O
of O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

open O
memo O
the O
note O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

। O
calendar_set

day O
today B-date
as O
the B-event_name
start I-event_name
of I-event_name
my I-event_name
diet I-event_name
calendar_set

me O
note O
of O
today B-date
as O
my B-date
first I-date
date I-date
with I-date
bob I-date
calendar_set

today B-date
had O
to O
be O
marked O
as O
my B-event_name
cheat I-event_name
day I-event_name
calendar_set

paris O
meetings B-event_name
on O
particaur O
dates O
of O
calender O
calendar_set

afternoon O
me O
about O
my O
schedule O
for O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_set

scheduled O
a O
chat B-event_name
with O
adam B-person
on O
thursday B-date
afternoon B-timeofday
calendar_set

i O
was O
about O
to O
meet O
tom B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
seven B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

laws O
meeting B-event_name
reminder O
for O
sunday B-date
with O
my O
parents B-relation
in I-relation
law I-relation
calendar_set

laws O
meeting B-event_name
for O
sunday B-date
with O
my O
parents B-relation
in I-relation
law I-relation
calendar_set

please O
go O
to O
my O
calendar O
daily B-general_frequency
standup B-event_name
to O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

am O
regular O
bi O
weekly O
meeting B-event_name
on O
fridays B-date
three B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

add O
weekly B-general_frequency
one B-time
pm I-time
call B-event_name
to O
will O
calendar_set

am O
meeting B-event_name
with O
pawel B-person
for O
tomorrow B-date
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

adds O
to O
my O
calendar O
daily B-general_frequency
call B-event_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

life O
first B-time
week I-time
of I-time
june I-time
as O
holiday B-event_name
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
to O
read O
book B-media_type
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_set

set O
reminder O
to O
call B-event_name
pawel B-person
tomorrow B-date
calendar_set

add O
to O
my O
reminders O
to O
my B-event_name
new I-event_name
movie I-event_name
today B-date
at O
nine B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
to O
send O
that O
email B-event_name
later O
calendar_set

windows O
me O
to O
wash B-event_name
the I-event_name
windows I-event_name
calendar_set

will O
me O
later O
to O
file O
the O
invoice B-event_name
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
to O
go O
to O
the O
gym B-event_name
every B-general_frequency
monday I-general_frequency
and O
tuesday B-date
calendar_set

day O
me O
to O
go O
shopping B-event_name
every B-general_frequency
week I-general_frequency
calendar_set

week O
me O
to O
pay O
rent B-event_name
every B-general_frequency
month I-general_frequency
calendar_set

liu O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
hongbin B-person
calendar_set

... O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
chelsea B-person
calendar_set

me O
an O
event O
with O
zaf B-person
calendar_set

calendar O
an O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

schedule O
a O
new O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

evening O
an O
event O
for O
friday B-date
calendar_set

am O
meeting B-event_name
with O
paul B-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

an O
event O
for O
this B-timeofday
evening I-timeofday
meeting B-event_name
with O
jake B-person
calendar_set

am O
meeting O
with O
joanna B-person
on O
saturday B-date
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
to O
call B-event_name
my I-event_name
grandma I-event_name
this O
sunday B-date
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
to O
go B-event_name
to I-event_name
bed I-event_name
before B-time
one I-time
am I-time
everyday B-general_frequency
calendar_set

i O
go O
attend O
lily O
's O
wedding O
next B-date
week I-date
with O
my O
boyfriend B-relation
please O
add O
it O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

minutes O
you O
remind O
me O
about O
the O
gym B-event_name
class I-event_name
in B-time
two I-time
hours I-time
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
to O
look O
at O
the O
pasta O
in O
thirty O
mins O
calendar_set

saturday O
you O
remind O
me O
to O
take O
the O
bins B-event_name
out O
on O
thursday B-date
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
my O
mom O
's O
birthday B-event_name
a B-time
week I-time
before I-time
calendar_set

helped O
me O
remember O
to O
call B-event_name
janice B-person
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

i O
needed O
to O
remember O
to O
get O
to O
the O
shops B-event_name
before B-time
they I-time
close I-time
calendar_set

there O
has O
a O
good O
band B-event_name
playing I-event_name
tonight B-timeofday
at B-time
nine I-time
at O
jazzbar O
i O
want O
to O
go O
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
about O
the O
picnic B-event_name
at O
regent B-place_name
park I-place_name
calendar_set

i O
wants O
to O
go O
to O
the O
outdoor B-event_name
movie I-event_name
screening O
this O
weekend B-time
remind O
me O
calendar_set

creates O
a O
repeating B-general_frequency
event O
on O
mondays B-date
at O
seven B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

adds O
a O
reminder O
on O
thursdays B-date
at O
one O
thousand O
one O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
am O
and O
name O
it O
dance B-event_name
classes I-event_name
calendar_set

time O
repeating B-general_frequency
event O
on O
saturday B-date
on O
seven B-time
am I-time
named O
cinema B-event_name
time I-event_name
calendar_set

three O
me O
on O
the O
afternoon B-timeofday
meeting B-event_name
at O
two B-time
calendar_set

six O
me O
at O
six B-time
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
at O
seven B-time
calendar_set

make O
an O
alert O
tomorrow B-date
at O
seven B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

is O
an O
event O
for O
me O
at O
three O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
calendar_set

events O
me O
tomorrow B-date
at O
four B-time
about O
an O
event O
calendar_set

tell O
me O
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
six B-time
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
about O
mike O
's O
birtdays O
calendar_set

six O
a O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
with O
a O
pamela B-person
at O
six B-time
calendar_set

setting O
reminder O
for O
tennis B-event_name
game I-event_name
with O
peter B-person
on O
sunday B-date
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

day O
an O
event O
for O
a O
john O
's O
birthday B-event_name
calendar_set

boyfriend O
me O
an O
email O
to O
my O
sister B-relation
calendar_set

correct O
me O
about O
tv O
programm O
at O
sixteen B-time
fifteen I-time
on O
thursday B-date
at O
bbc B-media_type
four I-media_type
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
of O
my O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

gave O
me O
a O
reminder O
notification O
on O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

gone O
to O
calendar O
and O
schedule O
event O
calendar_set

put O
up O
the O
following O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
with O
the O
following O
people O
calendar_set

in O
please O
add O
this O
event O
with O
these O
people O
calendar_set

ten O
me O
off O
about O
my O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
sharply O
at O
ten B-time
calendar_set

ten O
up O
a O
notification O
about O
tomorrow O
's O
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
calendar_set

what O
you O
sync O
my O
calendar O
with O
mark B-person
calendar_set

is O
you O
add O
this O
event O
with O
karl B-person
calendar_set

is O
you O
add O
this O
event O
with O
joey B-person
calendar_set

please O
scheduled O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
brian B-person
billings I-person
in O
accounting B-personal_info
calendar_set

thanksgiving O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
brian B-person
billings I-person
for O
two O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
on O
friday B-date
calendar_set

wednesday O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
the O
accounting B-business_name
department I-business_name
on O
two O
hundred O
and O
thirty O
pm O
on O
friday B-date
calendar_set

। O
calendar_set

i O
to O
all O
calendar_set

yes O
its O
##s O
calendar_set

open O
google O
calendar O
in O
the O
my O
calendars O
section O
place O
the O
down O
arrow O
that O
appears O
when O
you O
hover O
over O
your O
calendar O
and O
select O
reminders O
and O
notifications O
from O
the O
drop O
down O
calendar_set

in O
the O
choose O
how O
you O
you O
like O
to O
be O
notified O
section O
check O
the O
email O
bo O
<unk> O
for O
each O
type O
of O
notification O
you├ö├ç├ûd O
like O
to O
receive O
calendar_set

and O
save O
calendar_set

how O
we O
can O
get O
digital O
document O
calendar_set

how O
long O
its O
was O
calendar_set

how O
far O
we O
can O
money O
for O
digital O
calendar_set

tuesday O
an O
appointment B-event_name
with O
my O
dentist B-relation
for O
ten B-time
am I-time
next O
monday B-date
calendar_set

reminding O
me O
to O
pick B-event_name
up I-event_name
linda B-person
at O
five B-time
in O
the O
evening B-timeofday
on O
seventh B-date
calendar_set

evening O
a O
meeting B-event_name
with O
john B-person
connor I-person
tomorrow B-date
at O
eight B-time
in O
the O
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

games O
me O
a O
reminder O
at O
eight B-time
pm I-time
for O
the O
game B-event_name
calendar_set

calling O
me O
tomorrow B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

sets O
a O
reminder O
up O
next B-date
month I-date
to O
get O
my O
oil B-event_name
changed I-event_name
calendar_set

made O
a O
reminder O
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
every B-general_frequency
monday I-general_frequency
until O
i O
i O
remove O
it O
calendar_set

week O
me O
every B-general_frequency
first I-general_frequency
of I-general_frequency
the I-general_frequency
month I-general_frequency
calendar_set

i O
keep O
a O
reminder O
every B-general_frequency
single I-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

time O
event O
in O
calandar O
repeat O
event O
every B-general_frequency
day I-general_frequency
calendar_set

##night O
monday B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
on O
calandar O
ever O
monday O
calendar_set

monday O
event O
meeting B-event_name
on O
mondays B-general_frequency
calendar_set

get O
a O
notification O
for O
fifth B-date
march I-date
that O
i O
have O
a O
doctor O
's O
appointment O
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

meet O
a O
notification O
for O
sixth B-date
march I-date
that O
there O
is O
a O
society B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
at O
eleven B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

wright O
a O
notification O
for O
eleven B-date
march I-date
that O
an O
interview B-event_name
is O
scheduled O
with O
mr B-person
rodriguez I-person
calendar_set

monday O
me O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
with O
joe B-person
at O
ten B-time
on O
monday B-date
calendar_set

evening O
reminder O
to O
print B-event_name
the I-event_name
documents I-event_name
on O
tuesday B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

monday O
me O
to O
have O
the O
presentation B-event_name
ready O
by O
ten B-time
on O
wednesday B-date
calendar_set

i O
wanted O
to O
add O
an O
event O
to O
my O
calendar O
calendar_set

end O
event O
to O
calendar O
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
to O
take O
my O
medicine B-event_name
at O
nine B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

setting O
reminder O
for O
noon B-timeofday
to O
get O
lunch B-event_name
with I-event_name
boss I-event_name
calendar_set

am O
reminder O
to O
pick B-event_name
up I-event_name
kids I-event_name
on O
weekdays B-date
at O
three B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
about O
tomorrow B-date
meeting B-event_name
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
to O
have O
launch B-event_name
with I-event_name
boss I-event_name
today B-date
at O
one B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

am O
to O
remind O
me O
about O
client B-event_name
meet I-event_name
at O
four B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

is O
an O
event O
calendar_set

sets O
a O
calendar O
event O
calendar_set

open O
calendar O
weight O
event O
calendar_set

hi O
please O
miss O
the O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
boss B-relation
it O
will O
be O
at O
eleven B-time
am I-time
next O
monday B-date
calendar_set

i O
will O
you O
to O
remind O
me O
the O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
girlfriend B-relation
it O
will O
be O
at O
eight B-time
pm I-time
next B-date
sunday I-date
calendar_set

monday O
a O
notification O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
next O
tuesday B-date
calendar_set

boss O
notification O
for O
meeting B-event_name
with O
boss B-relation
calendar_set

notify O
me O
one B-time
please I-time
before O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

reminds O
me O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
an B-time
hour I-time
before O
it O
begins O
calendar_set

reminded O
me O
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

meeting O
reminder O
for O
two B-time
pm I-time
about O
my O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_set

am O
i O
know O
what O
i O
have O
to O
do O
the O
next O
saturday B-date
at O
six B-time
pm I-time
calendar_set

please O
find O
me O
one B-time
hour I-time
before O
the O
meeting B-event_name
i O
hace O
tomorrow B-date
morning B-timeofday
calendar_set

say O
you O
remind O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
with O
my O
boss B-relation
one B-time
hour I-time
before O
it O
will O
happen O
calendar_set

jersey O
a O
reminder O
of O
a O
conference B-event_name
for O
tomorrow B-date
in O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
calendar_set

i O
has O
a O
function B-event_name
at O
washington B-place_name
tomorrow B-date
remind O
it O
calendar_set

please O
join O
me O
for O
the O
function B-event_name
at O
miami B-place_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_set

please O
send O
me O
the O
birthday B-event_name
of O
my O
uncle B-relation
joe B-person
every B-general_frequency
may I-general_frequency
fourth I-general_frequency
calendar_set

please O
be O
a O
reminder O
for O
the O
office B-event_name
party I-event_name
next O
saturday B-date
calendar_set

please O
send O
me O
my O
doctor B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
on O
thirteenth B-date
july I-date
calendar_set

setting O
reminder O
at O
calendar_set

see O
me O
at O
calendar_set

call O
me O
at O
calendar_set

to O
event O
calendar_set

new O
। O
calendar_set

the O
event O
calendar_set

dates O
a O
calendar O
event O
to O
repeat O
yearly B-general_frequency
weekly O
monthly O
on O
this O
date O
calendar_set

and O
repeat O
the O
last O
sentence O
from O
that O
book O
play_audiobook

read O
that O
... O
play_audiobook

minutes B-player_setting
audiobook O
by O
thirty B-time
seconds I-time
play_audiobook

##mates O
audiobook O
play_audiobook

please O
the B-player_setting
playing I-player_setting
odd B-audiobook_name
thomas I-audiobook_name
by O
dean B-audiobook_author
koontz I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

i O
had O
to O
finish O
listening O
to O
the O
book O
one B-time
thousand I-time
nine I-time
hundred I-time
and I-time
eighty I-time
four I-time
from O
where O
i O
left O
off O
play_audiobook

i O
learning O
to O
listen O
to O
be B-audiobook_name
more I-audiobook_name
chill I-audiobook_name
by O
ned B-audiobook_author
vizzini I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

restart B-player_setting
american B-audiobook_name
... I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

start B-player_setting
two I-player_setting
american B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
where O
i O
last O
stopped O
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
hall O
of O
american B-audiobook_name
gods I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

may O
you O
play O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
of O
harry B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

tarzan O
you O
play O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
of O
tarzan B-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

do O
you O
play O
my O
favorite O
audio O
book O
of O
king B-audiobook_name
kong I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

and B-player_setting
my O
audio O
book O
from O
karl B-audiobook_author
pilkington I-audiobook_author
play_audiobook

will O
you O
put B-player_setting
on I-player_setting
the O
chuck B-audiobook_name
palhunik I-audiobook_name
audio O
book O
play_audiobook

hand O
you O
put B-player_setting
on I-player_setting
the B-audiobook_name
giver I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

was B-player_setting
the O
audiobook O
i O
listened O
to O
last O
play_audiobook

resume B-player_setting
a B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
from O
the O
place O
i O
have O
stopped O
listening O
to O
last O
time O
play_audiobook

playing O
me O
harry B-audiobook_name
potter I-audiobook_name
from O
the O
place O
i O
last O
stopped O
listening O
on O
play_audiobook

and O
book O
play_audiobook

includes B-player_setting
audiobook O
play_audiobook

going B-player_setting
reading I-player_setting
play_audiobook

living B-player_setting
the B-audiobook_name
art I-audiobook_name
of I-audiobook_name
war I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

being O
seven B-audiobook_name
habits I-audiobook_name
of I-audiobook_name
effective I-audiobook_name
people I-audiobook_name
play_audiobook

get O
back O
play_podcasts

buy O
me O
the O
latest O
podcast O
about O
online O
surveys O
play_podcasts

read O
me O
some O
podcasts O
about O
getting O
rich O
quick O
play_podcasts

npr O
my O
newest O
podcasts O
from O
radiolab B-podcast_name
play_podcasts

blog O
my O
favorite O
podcast O
play_podcasts

search O
for O
podcasts B-media_type
that O
covering O
men O
's O
issues O
play_podcasts

recorded O
next O
recording O
play_podcasts

blog B-player_setting
to O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

segment B-player_setting
to O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

। O
play_podcasts

are O
one O
play_podcasts

next O
one O
was O
play_podcasts

। O
play_podcasts

one O
the O
next O
one O
play_podcasts

blog O
a O
podcast O
from O
my O
library B-podcast_name
play_podcasts

found O
an O
interesting O
podcast O
about O
last O
pritzker B-podcast_descriptor
price I-podcast_descriptor
winners I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

england O
a O
debate O
about O
schools B-podcast_descriptor
in O
uk B-place_name
play_podcasts

skip B-player_setting
to O
... O
play_podcasts

be O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

play O
next O
doctor B-podcast_name
who I-podcast_name
... O
play_podcasts

is O
next O
play_podcasts

recording B-player_setting
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

if O
you O
play O
the O
last O
podcast O
play_podcasts

if O
you O
play O
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
podcast I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

game O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

start O
including O
the O
following O
podcast O
play_podcasts

got O
me O
the O
latest O
episode O
of O
the O
<unk> O
podcast O
play_podcasts

going O
to O
the O
podcast O
and O
play O
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
in O
<unk> O
play_podcasts

show O
the O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
of O
the O
<unk> O
podcast O
play_podcasts

blog O
you O
forward B-player_setting
an O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

show O
you O
backward B-player_setting
an O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
play_podcasts

second O
you O
forward B-player_setting
an O
episode O
in O
the O
podcast O
by O
a O
minute B-time
play_podcasts

episode O
next B-podcast_descriptor
episode I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

next B-podcast_descriptor
। I-podcast_descriptor
play_podcasts

play O
part O
one O
play_podcasts

plays O
the O
young B-podcast_name
turks I-podcast_name
podcast O
play_podcasts

open O
produced O
by O
the O
young B-podcast_name
turks I-podcast_name
play_podcasts

what O
everything O
going O
on O
right O
now O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

facebook O
there O
anything O
new O
on O
reddit B-media_type
social_query

what O
do O
my O
facebook B-media_type
feed O
look O
like O
social_query

social O
। O
social_query

what O
was O
currently O
trending O
on O
twitter O
social_query

networks O
my O
social B-media_type
networks I-media_type
social_query

or O
i O
have O
new O
likes O
social_query

painting O
anyone O
likes O
my O
latest O
photo O
social_query

blog O
there O
any O
interesting O
stuff O
happened O
today B-date
in O
my O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

what O
see O
on O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

what O
the O
highest O
fuck O
on O
facebook B-media_type
social_query

who O
recently O
posts O
on O
social O
media O
social_query

told O
me O
my O
friends B-relation
most O
recent O
ute O
social_query

what O
is O
the O
last O
thing O
my O
mom B-relation
said O
social_query

networks O
i O
know O
what O
is O
trending O
in O
social B-media_type
media I-media_type
social_query

facebook O
i O
know O
what O
is O
trending O
in O
facebook B-media_type
social_query

twitter O
i O
know O
what O
is O
trending O
in O
twitter B-media_type
social_query

who O
had O
responded O
to O
my O
business O
within O
the O
last O
twenty B-time
four I-time
hours I-time
social_query

you O
used O
to O
give O
me O
different O
directions O
transport_query

you O
had O
to O
find O
an O
alternate O
route O
to O
my O
destination O
transport_query

how O
to O
is O
somewhere O
transport_query

how O
long O
wil O
it O
take O
me O
to O
drive O
to O
the O
panic B-event_name
concert I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
transport_query

how O
far O
was O
walmart B-business_name
from O
here O
transport_query

how O
to O
got O
to O
cracow B-place_name
before B-time
noon I-time
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_query

park O
the O
next O
train B-transport_type
at O
westcombe B-place_name
park I-place_name
transport_query

what O
see O
the O
train B-transport_type
times O
to O
london B-place_name
bridge I-place_name
transport_query

be O
the O
next O
train B-transport_type
to O
cornwall B-place_name
transport_query

how O
then O
i O
get O
to O
old B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_query

whats O
the O
best O
way O
to O
... B-place_name
transport_query

directions O
to O
and B-place_name
transport_query

how O
may O
i O
go O
to O
rome B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
on O
wednesday B-date
next B-date
week I-date
transport_query

what O
was O
the O
most O
convenient O
hour O
to O
catch O
a O
train B-transport_type
to O
york B-place_name
on O
saturday B-date
transport_query

what O
time O
was O
the O
earliest O
train B-transport_type
to O
glasgow B-place_name
transport_query

what O
time O
did O
the O
train B-transport_type
arrive O
at O
<unk> O
transport_query

tel O
me O
the O
exact O
arrival O
time O
of O
train B-transport_type
from O
<unk> O
to O
<unk> O
transport_query

when O
awaiting O
the O
arrival O
of O
the O
train B-transport_type
at O
<unk> O
transport_query

how O
may O
i O
go O
from O
boston B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_query

where O
take O
the O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
transport_query

how O
long O
wil O
it O
take O
me O
to O
go O
to O
the O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
from O
here O
transport_query

how O
did O
i O
get O
to O
the O
train B-place_name
station I-place_name
for O
a O
ticket O
transport_query

where O
was O
the O
closest O
train B-place_name
depot I-place_name
transport_query

what O
train B-place_name
stations I-place_name
close O
to O
me O
also O
have O
tickets O
transport_query

gives O
me O
directions O
to O
the O
nearest O
mcdonald O
's O
transport_query

how O
to O
is O
the O
nearest O
mall B-place_name
asap O
transport_query

city O
the O
shortest O
route O
to O
the O
airport B-place_name
transport_query

hey O
when O
was O
the O
next O
local O
from O
mumbai B-place_name
to O
pune B-place_name
transport_query

has O
there O
any O
train B-transport_type
plying O
from O
pune B-place_name
to O
mumbai B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
transport_query

when O
was O
the O
last O
local O
departing O
from O
mumbai B-place_name
cst I-place_name
to O
pune B-place_name
transport_query

map O
out O
a O
route O
from O
here O
to O
the B-place_name
brew I-place_name
pub I-place_name
transport_query

told O
me O
how O
to O
get O
from O
here O
to O
the O
chimes B-place_name
in I-place_name
covington I-place_name
transport_query

york O
me O
directions O
to O
get O
from O
here O
to O
crescent B-place_name
city I-place_name
brewhouse I-place_name
in O
new B-place_name
orleans I-place_name
transport_query

where O
to O
is O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_query

how O
to O
will O
get O
to O
cape B-place_name
cod I-place_name
transport_query

what O
take O
the O
fastest O
route O
to O
my O
grandmother O
's O
house B-place_name
transport_query

what O
hit O
the O
traffic O
like O
on O
my O
commute O
home B-place_name
at O
five B-time
transport_query

visit O
metronorthcom O
to O
helps O
me O
purchase O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
transport_query

when O
ran O
the O
next O
train B-transport_type
to O
glasgow B-place_name
from O
aberdeen B-place_name
transport_query

india O
a O
travel O
ticket O
to O
german B-place_name
transport_ticket

confirm O
a O
railway O
reservation O
ticket O
to O
can B-place_name
transport_ticket

cheapest O
flights O
to O
cross B-place_name
city I-place_name
from O
dallas B-place_name
transport_ticket

would O
you O
please O
cancel O
my O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_ticket

hey O
i O
wanted O
to O
get O
trains O
to O
manchester B-place_name
on O
wednesday B-date
transport_ticket

i O
used O
to O
go O
to O
dundee B-place_name
at O
five B-time
am I-time
on O
sunday B-date
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

here O
me O
a O
ticket O
for O
a O
train B-transport_type
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
from O
boston B-place_name
in O
two B-date
days I-date
from I-date
now I-date
transport_ticket

schedule O
a O
journey O
to O
leaving B-place_name
vegas I-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

book O
me O
a O
return B-transport_descriptor
trip O
from O
edinburgh B-place_name
to O
bound B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

you O
a O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
for O
me O
transport_ticket

you O
a O
train B-transport_type
for O
me O
transport_ticket

reserved O
train B-transport_type
tickets O
transport_ticket

i O
have O
to O
get O
to O
bristol B-place_name
friday B-date
night B-time
can O
you O
book O
me O
a O
ticket O
please O
transport_ticket

book O
a O
ticket O
to O
waiting B-place_name
on O
eurostar B-transport_name
at O
five B-time
pm I-time
this B-date
friday I-date
transport_ticket

book O
me O
a O
ticket O
to O
booked B-place_name
on O
eurostar B-transport_name
this B-date
weekend I-date
transport_ticket

waiting O
a O
ticket O
to O
go O
to O
destination B-place_name
by O
train B-transport_type
transport_ticket

be O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
to O
transport_ticket

give O
me O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
to O
go O
to O
transport_ticket

do O
you O
book O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
transport_ticket

father O
you O
book O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
for O
my O
mother B-relation
transport_ticket

mother O
you O
book O
a O
train B-transport_type
ticket O
for O
my O
father B-relation
transport_ticket

book O
my O
first B-transport_descriptor
class I-transport_descriptor
ac O
is O
icket O
from O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
to O
san B-place_name
francisco I-place_name
transport_ticket

book O
my O
chair O
class O
ac O
speeding B-transport_type
ticket O
from O
manhattan B-place_name
to O
new B-place_name
york I-place_name
transport_ticket

theatre O
a O
movie O
ticket O
at O
glory B-place_name
theater I-place_name
recommendation_movies

if O
i O
watch O
this O
movie O
recommendation_movies

what O
film O
would O
i O
watch O
recommendation_movies

what O
was O
a O
good O
iranian O
film O
from O
two B-date
thousand I-date
and I-date
sixteen I-date
recommendation_movies

what O
be O
a O
good O
movie O
to O
see O
right O
now O
recommendation_movies

what O
see O
the O
new O
movies B-event_name
releasing O
recommendation_movies

top O
animated O
movies O
recommendation_movies

latest O
other O
releases O
recommendation_movies

what O
new O
movies O
faces O
played O
in O
cinemas O
this B-date
week I-date
recommendation_movies

do O
you O
tell O
me O
which O
movie B-event_name
is O
going O
on O
in O
the O
nearby O
multiple O
<unk> O
recommendation_movies

friday O
a O
movie B-event_name
which O
is O
released O
last B-date
friday I-date
recommendation_movies

messages O
last O
message O
email_query

message O
back O
the O
last O
message O
email_query

messages O
the O
last O
message O
email_query

see O
the O
message O
again O
email_query

। O
email_query

date O
my O
email O
for O
date O
email_query

checking O
new O
message O
in O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

send O
me O
the O
last O
email O
from O
stefan B-person
and O
oil O
change O
email_query

name O
me O
all O
mails O
from O
magda B-person
with O
holidays O
word O
in O
the O
title O
email_query

when O
do O
i O
get O
an O
email O
from O
john B-person
smith I-person
about O
car O
accident O
email_query

help O
me O
know O
if O
i O
have O
new O
emails O
email_query

dave O
there O
new O
emails O
for O
me O
email_query

email O
check O
for O
new O
emails O
email_query

peking O
i O
have O
any O
emails O
from O
hongbin B-person
email_query

me O
the O
university B-business_name
of I-business_name
greenwich I-business_name
emailed O
me O
email_query

what O
new O
emails O
did O
i O
have O
form O
amie B-person
email_query

and O
me O
the O
last O
message O
email_query

did O
i O
have O
new O
email O
email_query

was O
there O
any O
new O
email O
email_query

call O
me O
if O
i O
have O
new O
emails O
email_query

did O
i O
have O
any O
new O
email O
email_query

any O
new O
... O
email_query

was O
there O
anything O
new O
in O
my O
mailbo O
<unk> O
email_query

was O
there O
any O
email O
from O
emilia B-person
email_query

you O
i O
have O
any O
email O
from O
work O
email_query

if O
i O
have O
any O
new O
emails O
email_query

ute O
me O
on O
my O
, O
email_query

and O
me O
about O
new O
emails O
email_query

you O
i O
have O
any O
new O
email O
from O
pawel B-person
email_query

checked O
my O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

mom O
new O
emails O
to O
me O
email_query

facebook O
my O
new O
emails O
email_query

do O
i O
received O
any O
emails O
from O
kevin B-person
and O
what O
did O
he O
say O
email_query

you O
i O
have O
any O
emails O
from O
robert B-person
email_query

yes O
robert B-person
emailed O
me O
yet O
email_query

is O
david B-person
got O
back O
to O
me O
yet O
email_query

get O
me O
know O
if O
i O
get O
a O
message O
about O
the O
party B-event_name
from O
jane B-person
email_query

alert O
me O
of O
an O
news O
from O
dave B-person
about O
the O
meeting B-event_name
email_query

any O
coming O
from O
agnes B-person
email_query

any O
recent O
response O
from O
anna B-person
email_query

who O
i O
get O
any O
replies O
from O
jan B-person
email_query

dad O
i O
get O
anything O
new O
from O
my O
boss B-relation
email_query

were O
there O
any O
email O
utes O
email_query

checked O
my O
email O
messages O
email_query

check O
if O
there O
writing O
new O
emails O
email_query

am O
there O
unread O
emails O
in O
my O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

discussion O
of O
content O
email_query

statement O
of O
content O
email_query

। O
email_query

read O
coming O
from O
julia B-person
email_query

read O
physics O
subject O
chemistry O
email_query

what O
i O
have O
any O
emails O
about O
chemistry O
email_query

mom O
there O
unread O
emails O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

check O
email O
for O
##ing O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

mom O
emails O
for O
unread O
emails O
from O
mom B-relation
email_query

told O
me O
form O
whom O
i O
got O
the O
last O
email O
email_query

please O
send O
the O
last O
email O
for O
me O
email_query

and O
check O
if O
there O
is O
a O
new O
email O
on O
the O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

please O
checked O
my O
mails O
email_query

you O
there O
any O
new O
mail O
for O
me O
email_query

watched O
out O
my O
new O
mails O
on O
inbo O
<unk> O
email_query

looking O
up O
for O
my O
email O
utes O
email_query

did O
i O
have O
any O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

check O
to O
me O
if O
i O
have O
any O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

were O
there O
any O
new O
emails O
from O
email_query

about O
my O
new O
emails O
and O
tell O
me O
what O
are O
they O
about O
email_query

get O
all O
the O
new O
them O
wmails O
and O
mark O
them O
star O
email_query

minute O
emails O
for O
last B-time
hour I-time
email_query

minutes O
emails O
for O
last B-time
two I-time
hours I-time
email_query

minutes O
emails O
for O
last B-time
twelve I-time
hours I-time
email_query

who O
i O
have O
any O
emails O
from O
katherine B-person
email_query

... O
there O
any O
unread O
emails O
from O
patrick B-person
email_query

am O
i O
have O
any O
emails O
to O
read O
from O
jason B-person
email_query

websites O
new O
emails O
email_query

calls O
latest O
emails O
email_query

i O
is O
my O
to O
do O
list O
lists_query

find O
a O
books O
to O
read O
list O
for O
me O
please O
lists_query

lists O
the O
items O
on O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
else O
was O
missing O
in O
the O
diary O
lists_query

what O
first O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

any O
special O
friends O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

how O
many O
was O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

what O
first O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

phone O
me O
what O
is O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

lists O
things O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

what O
was O
on O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
today B-date
lists_query

what O
i O
sam O
going O
to O
do O
today B-date
lists_query

what O
is O
on O
my O
todo B-list_name
list O
lists_query

list O
i O
have O
banana O
in O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

and O
vodka O
to O
my O
party B-list_name
shopping I-list_name
list O
lists_query

lists O
you O
added O
milk O
to O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_query

website O
there O
anything O
left O
on O
my O
list O
lists_query

website O
i O
have O
anything O
on O
the O
list O
lists_query

lists O
sure O
bread O
is O
on O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
to O
did O
have O
a O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_query

say O
all O
items O
for O
to O
day O
lists_query

run O
over O
my O
to O
waiting O
list O
with O
me O
lists_query

mark O
a O
list O
of O
all O
the O
clothing O
range O
available O
on O
ralph O
n O
. O
lauren O
lists_query

what O
list O
was O
available O
for O
food O
products O
online O
lists_query

what O
was O
on O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
is O
on O
my O
playlist B-list_name
lists_query

what O
based O
on O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_query

what O
is O
on O
a O
list O
about O
my O
meetings B-event_name
this B-date
month I-date
lists_query

did O
i O
have O
anything O
lists O
made O
for O
christmas B-list_name
shopping I-list_name
lists_query

which O
grocery B-list_name
stores I-list_name
had O
i O
mad O
a O
list O
with O
lists_query

what O
where O
do O
i O
have O
lists_query

love O
me O
lists O
lists_query

what O
see O
my O
lists O
lists_query

। O
lists_query

my O
। O
lists_query

lists O
i O
public O
lists_query

mind O
me O
what O
is O
next O
on O
my O
query O
lists_query

। O
play_game

puzzles O
and O
games O
drawing O
play_game

arcade O
games O
play_game

you O
chess B-game_name
with O
me O
play_game

you O
a O
game O
with O
me O
play_game

let O
's O
mean O
a O
game O
of O
trivia B-game_name
play_game

cards O
we O
play O
a O
game O
of O
hangman B-game_name
play_game

load O
a O
fun O
game O
that O
i O
may O
play O
with O
you O
play_game

the O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

start O
flying O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

turned O
on O
flappy B-game_name
bird I-game_name
play_game

play O
flying B-game_name
mario I-game_name
brothers I-game_name
game O
with O
me O
play_game

you O
candy B-game_name
crush I-game_name
with O
me O
play_game

you O
subway B-game_name
surfers I-game_name
with O
me O
play_game

do O
you O
play O
tic B-game_name
tac I-game_name
toe I-game_name
play_game

i O
wants O
to O
play O
rock B-game_name
paper I-game_name
scissors I-game_name
let O
's O
play O
play_game

i O
think O
like O
playing O
chess B-game_name
can O
you O
play O
that O
play_game

opens O
up O
tetris B-game_name
play_game

i O
they O
like O
to O
play O
tetris B-game_name
play_game

hit O
super B-game_name
mario I-game_name
play_game

want O
to O
is O
a O
game O
play_game

lets O
। O
play_game

i O
challenged O
you O
to O
a O
game O
play_game

##s O
calendar O
events O
calendar_remove

monday O
business B-event_name
meeting I-event_name
on O
wednesday B-date
calendar_remove

month O
the O
richard O
's O
wedding O
event O
next B-date
year I-date
calendar_remove

do O
standup B-event_name
on O
friday B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

meeting O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

allan O
chat B-event_name
with O
allan B-person
calendar_remove

was O
the O
breakfast B-meal_type
at O
tiffany O
's O
calendar_remove

clear O
my O
leave B-time
from O
meetings B-event_name
calendar_remove

rounds O
all O
events O
in O
the O
next B-time
two I-time
days I-time
calendar_remove

do O
standup B-event_name
on O
friday B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

was O
the O
breakfast B-meal_type
at O
tiffany O
's O
calendar_remove

tomorrow O
cancel O
all O
my O
events O
for O
today B-date
calendar_remove

month O
calendar O
events O
for O
this B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

please O
check O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

please O
attend O
my O
next O
meeting B-event_name
calendar_remove

delete O
my O
next O
name B-event_name
calendar_remove

call O
my O
five B-time
pm I-time
daily B-general_frequency
call B-event_name
calendar_remove

remove O
from O
my O
calendar O
meeting B-event_name
at O
nine B-time
... I-time
calendar_remove

december O
my O
june B-date
holiday B-event_name
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

events O
my O
next O
event O
calendar_remove

delete O
my O
next O
email B-event_name
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

venue O
my O
next O
event O
calendar_remove

schedule O
next O
meeting B-event_name
today B-date
in O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

yesterday O
all O
the O
events O
of O
today B-date
calendar_remove

website O
all O
the O
events O
on O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

tomorrow O
all O
meetings O
for O
tomorrow B-date
calendar_remove

free O
up O
my O
time O
for O
the O
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

weeks O
all O
events O
for O
the O
next B-date
five I-date
days I-date
calendar_remove

going O
to O
the O
next O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
and O
delete O
it O
calendar_remove

ranking O
the O
next O
event O
in O
the O
calendar O
calendar_remove

whatever O
the O
next O
event O
date O
in O
the O
calendar O
delete O
it O
calendar_remove

action O
you O
deleted O
the O
current O
event O
calendar_remove

may O
you O
erase O
the O
past O
event O
i O
visited O
calendar_remove

if O
you O
delete O
the O
not O
so O
important O
events O
calendar_remove

am O
the O
meeting B-event_name
next B-date
week I-date
thu O
. O
s O
. O
d O
.ay O
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_remove

pm O
the O
birthday B-event_name
party I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
two B-time
pm I-time
calendar_remove

was O
the O
meeting B-event_name
tomorrow B-date
at O
ten B-time
am I-time
calendar_remove

choose O
। O
calendar_remove

results O
the O
event O
calendar_remove

schedule O
you O
delete O
all O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

computer O
delete O
all O
the O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

life O
all O
events O
from O
my O
calendar O
calendar_remove

day O
the O
dentist B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
next B-date
week I-date
calendar_remove

clear O
off O
the O
my B-event_name
appointment I-event_name
tomorrow B-date
calendar_remove

may O
the O
lawn B-event_name
care I-event_name
appointment I-event_name
next B-date
month I-date
calendar_remove

draw O
all O
events O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

these O
events O
calendar_remove

delete O
taken O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

update O
all O
events O
and O
information O
calendar_remove

faces O
all O
the O
events O
calendar_remove

reduce O
all O
the O
events O
and O
schedules O
calendar_remove

wiped O
calendar O
clean O
calendar_remove

date O
all O
from O
calendar O
calendar_remove

just O
how O
bad O
did O
traffic O
on O
my O
commute O
transport_traffic

roads O
congestion O
issues O
transport_traffic

i O
could O
have O
avoided O
the O
traffic O
if O
i O
went O
early O
transport_traffic

how O
was O
the O
traffic O
right O
now O
transport_traffic

what O
stopping O
traffic O
to O
work O
now O
transport_traffic

how O
do O
my O
commute O
transport_traffic

what O
road O
traffic O
transport_traffic

is O
the O
traffic O
density O
in O
transport_traffic

time O
i O
pass O
the O
bypass B-place_name
road I-place_name
at O
current O
traffic O
transport_traffic

what O
the O
unexpected O
condition O
outside O
my O
office B-place_name
transport_traffic

how O
see O
the O
traffic O
in O
broadway B-place_name
street O
transport_traffic

how O
report O
the O
traffic O
situation O
in O
houston B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

lanes O
there O
traffic O
right O
now O
in O
maiden B-place_name
lane I-place_name
transport_traffic

what O
was O
the O
traffic O
like O
right O
now O
on O
telegraph B-place_name
transport_traffic

how O
bad O
was O
the O
traffic O
near O
the O
airport B-place_name
transport_traffic

was O
the O
traffic O
like O
near O
ypsilanti B-place_name
transport_traffic

road O
there O
more O
traffic O
in O
canal B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

how O
much O
traffic O
was O
there O
right O
now O
in O
bowery B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

what O
was O
the O
traffic O
situation O
right O
in O
broadway B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_traffic

what O
see O
the O
traffic O
conditions O
on O
the O
one B-place_name
hundred I-place_name
and I-place_name
one I-place_name
transport_traffic

what O
sky O
skynet O
qa_definition

telling O
me O
about O
it O
qa_definition

what O
। O
qa_definition

is O
a O
definition O
qa_definition

what O
an O
happened B-definition_word
means O
qa_definition

when O
may O
you O
use O
word O
set B-definition_word
qa_definition

in O
what O
scenario O
could O
you O
use O
word O
inconvenience B-definition_word
qa_definition

a O
transcendet B-definition_word
qa_definition

is O
elaborate B-definition_word
qa_definition

implies O
what O
gdp B-definition_word
means O
qa_definition

and O
define O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

is O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
see O
the O
definition O
of O
forensic B-definition_word
qa_definition

make O
me O
the O
synonym O
qa_definition

tells O
me O
the O
brief O
definition O
qa_definition

name O
about O
the O
origin O
of O
the O
word O
qa_definition

what O
surface O
turbulence B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

a O
'juggernaut O
qa_definition

looking O
up O
'melancholy O
qa_definition

what O
see O
the O
definition O
of O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

being O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

and O
definition O
of O
capricious B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
to O
infinity B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
see O
the O
definition O
of O
precocious B-definition_word
qa_definition

looking O
up O
the O
definition O
of O
blunder B-definition_word
qa_definition

ca O
you O
look O
up O
the O
definition O
of O
cavil B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
is O
animal B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

looks O
up O
animal B-definition_word
and O
give O
me O
the O
definition O
qa_definition

giving O
me O
the O
definition O
for O
animal B-definition_word
qa_definition

giving O
me O
the O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

i O
find O
the O
exact O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
you O
know O
the O
definition O
of O
school B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
is O
the O
word O
orange B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

what O
see O
the O
definitions O
of O
orange B-definition_word
qa_definition

how O
did O
you O
define O
the O
word O
orange B-definition_word
qa_definition

how O
to O
could O
the O
word O
giraffe B-definition_word
qa_definition

am O
you O
able O
to O
say O
the O
word O
demonetisation B-definition_word
qa_definition

how O
to O
will O
the O
word O
treble B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
see O
the O
definition O
of O
session B-definition_word
qa_definition

windows O
session B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
recording O
session B-definition_word
mean O
qa_definition

player O
who O
plays O
a O
game O
qa_definition

actor O
who O
has O
a O
role O
qa_definition

director O
who O
is O
an O
act O
qa_definition

how O
may O
the O
word O
placid B-definition_word
be O
used O
qa_definition

what O
see O
the O
synonyms O
of O
placid B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
see O
the O
meaning O
of O
placid B-definition_word
qa_definition

told O
me O
meaning O
of O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

what O
a O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

told O
me O
all O
about O
hurricane B-definition_word
qa_definition

sunday O
grocery O
shopping O
from O
my O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
on O
sunday B-date
lists_remove

delete O
get O
on O
the O
menu O
lists_remove

please O
check O
my O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

remove O
from O
my O
this B-list_name
list O
everything O
lists_remove

delete O
my O
hit B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

and O
eggs O
for O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

listing O
the O
first O
item O
on O
the O
list O
lists_remove

female O
eggs O
of O
the O
list O
lists_remove

lists O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

list O
my O
task B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

references O
this O
list O
lists_remove

website O
event O
from O
my O
list O
lists_remove

delete O
। O
lists_remove

an O
item O
lists_remove

website O
event O
from O
my O
list O
lists_remove

i O
was O
like O
to O
cancel O
the O
trip O
to O
vegas O
next O
week O
lists_remove

list O
bread O
out O
from O
the O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

cross O
out O
bread O
from O
##ing B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

delete O
bread O
from O
bucket B-list_name
list O
lists_remove

move O
a O
list O
of O
things B-list_name
to I-list_name
buy I-list_name
lists_remove

and O
the O
list O
created O
yesteday O
lists_remove

listing O
the O
list O
lists_remove

list O
rid O
of O
a O
list O
lists_remove

delete O
। O
lists_remove

are O
the O
following O
list O
lists_remove

listing O
rid O
of O
item O
on O
the O
list O
lists_remove

make O
item O
off O
list O
lists_remove

object O
to O
the O
list O
and O
remove O
item O
lists_remove

customers O
a O
list O
of O
employees O
lists_remove

month O
a O
list O
of O
food B-list_name
items O
purchased O
last B-date
week I-date
lists_remove

month O
a O
list O
of O
accessories B-list_name
purchase O
last B-date
week I-date
lists_remove

its O
depend O
pon O
the O
defaulted O
lists_remove

its O
call O
me O
good O
lucking O
guy O
inside O
very O
very O
horkersd O
wo O
lists_remove

has O
you O
responded O
my O
phone B-event_name
calls I-event_name
email_querycontact

my O
mom B-relation
email_querycontact

what O
was O
jimmy O
johns O
's O
corporate B-personal_info
number I-personal_info
email_querycontact

what O
is O
the O
email B-personal_info
address I-personal_info
of O
silvia B-person
email_querycontact

what O
is O
his O
number B-personal_info
email_querycontact

tells O
me O
the O
landline B-personal_info
number I-personal_info
email_querycontact

what O
former O
job B-personal_info
title I-personal_info
of O
jan B-person
medvesek I-person
email_querycontact

where O
nine B-person
lives B-personal_info
email_querycontact

what O
has O
a O
work B-personal_info
phone I-personal_info
number I-personal_info
of O
emilia B-person
email_querycontact

when O
not O
jacob O
's O
birthday B-event_name
email_querycontact

choose O
। O
email_querycontact

select O
information O
you O
: O
email_querycontact

list O
ale O
<unk> O
saved O
in O
my O
contacts O
list O
email_querycontact

name O
there O
email B-personal_info
id I-personal_info
of O
john B-person
in O
the O
list O
email_querycontact

how O
many O
contacts O
were O
there O
named O
john B-person
email_querycontact

contacted O
give O
me O
details B-personal_info
of O
allen B-person
from O
my O
contact O
email_querycontact

website O
there O
a O
contact O
named B-personal_info
allen B-person
in O
my O
list O
email_querycontact

contacts O
the O
profile B-personal_info
of O
allen B-person
from O
my O
contact O
email_querycontact

what O
signed O
email B-personal_info
id I-personal_info
of O
john B-person
email_querycontact

how O
many O
numbers B-personal_info
were O
saved O
for O
ale O
<unk> O
email_querycontact

susan O
all O
the O
contacts O
named B-personal_info
john B-person
email_querycontact

hey O
is O
the O
email B-personal_info
address I-personal_info
of O
john B-person
miller I-person
email_querycontact

creat O
a O
new O
to B-list_name
species I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

lists O
a O
list O
lists_createoradd

page O
create O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

see O
apples O
to O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
also O
needed O
to O
buy O
batteries O
aaa O
lists_createoradd

name O
you O
create O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

future O
you O
create O
a O
new O
list O
in O
the O
playlist O
lists_createoradd

blog O
you O
create O
a O
new O
list O
in O
my O
podcast B-media_type
lists_createoradd

i O
had O
to O
create O
a O
new O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

helps O
me O
start O
my O
kitchen B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
needed O
to O
put O
together O
a O
todo B-list_name
list O
for O
work O
lists_createoradd

add O
goes O
to O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

please O
dried O
bread O
on O
the O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

the O
list O
lists_createoradd

the O
list O
lists_createoradd

prepare O
। O
lists_createoradd

give O
me O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

set O
me O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
wanted O
to O
start O
a O
new O
list O
lists_createoradd

lists O
broccoli O
to O
my O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
used O
to O
add O
pasta O
and O
milk O
to O
the O
grocery B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

and O
the O
post O
office O
to O
my O
list O
of O
errands B-list_name
for O
saturday B-date
lists_createoradd

i O
wanted O
to O
make O
this O
week O
's O
shopping B-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
had O
to O
make O
next O
week O
's O
to B-list_name
do I-list_name
list O
lists_createoradd

i O
have O
to O
make O
a O
list O
of O
bills B-list_name
that I-list_name
are I-list_name
due I-list_name
lists_createoradd

set O
the O
item O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

table O
this O
item O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

added O
to O
the O
list O
lists_createoradd

make O
a O
new O
list O
for O
my O
birthday B-list_name
plans I-list_name
lists_createoradd

lists O
add O
tom B-person
to O
my O
contact O
list O
email_addcontact

adds O
new O
email B-personal_info
to O
anna B-person
email_addcontact

a O
new O
contact O
with O
email B-personal_info
email_addcontact

name O
this O
person O
's O
email B-personal_info
email_addcontact

knowledge O
new O
contact O
email_addcontact

contact O
email B-personal_info
to O
existing O
contact O
email_addcontact

computer O
my O
mum O
's O
email B-personal_info
in O
my O
phonebook O
email_addcontact

have O
'john@gmailcom O
to O
contacts O
email_addcontact

have O
new O
email O
to O
contacts O
email_addcontact

book O
me O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
ride B-place_name
in O
half B-time
an I-time
hour I-time
transport_taxi

schedule O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
in O
twenty B-time
minutes I-time
to O
west B-business_name
on O
fifth B-place_name
street I-place_name
transport_taxi

buy O
me O
a O
cab B-transport_type
transport_taxi

i O
be O
going O
to O
chinatown B-place_name
in O
half B-time
an I-time
hour I-time
book O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
me O
transport_taxi

called O
me O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
the O
airport B-place_name
at O
five B-time
am I-time
transport_taxi

train O
me O
a O
cab B-transport_type
to O
the O
trainstation O
transport_taxi

i O
get O
a O
cab B-transport_type
in O
thirty O
mins O
transport_taxi

you O
you O
book O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
me O
transport_taxi

could O
you O
book O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
tomorrow B-date
transport_taxi

office O
you O
book O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
after O
i O
left O
for O
office O
transport_taxi

then O
me O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
right O
now O
transport_taxi

fly O
me O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
for O
ten B-time
pm I-time
tonight B-timeofday
transport_taxi

sets O
up O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
for O
eleven B-time
am I-time
tomorrow B-date
transport_taxi

i O
send O
a O
uber B-transport_agency
to O
my O
current O
location O
transport_taxi

called O
a O
call O
for O
me O
to O
where O
i O
am O
currently B-place_name
located I-place_name
transport_taxi

here O
an O
uber B-transport_agency
to O
me O
right O
now O
transport_taxi

would O
you O
please O
hire O
me O
a O
taxi B-transport_type
to O
go O
to O
the O
opera B-place_name
tonight B-timeofday
transport_taxi

minute O
you O
please O
have O
uber B-transport_agency
be O
at O
my O
house B-place_name
in O
fifteen B-time
minutes I-time
transport_taxi

ten O
hundreds O
of O
hundred O
qa_maths

mile O
ten O
miles O
to O
kilometers O
qa_maths

seven O
day O
seven O
qa_maths

what O
etc O
<unk> O
plus O
<unk> O
etc O
<unk> O
qa_maths

what O
two O
fifty O
five O
minus O
two O
qa_maths

what O
repeated O
ten O
times O
ten O
qa_maths

from O
<unk> O
qa_maths

what O
be O
the O
sum O
total O
square O
root O
etc O
of O
<unk> O
<unk> O
qa_maths

what O
be O
the O
sum O
of O
9 O
and O
12 O
qa_maths

what O
see O
the O
square O
of O
4 O
qa_maths

what O
making O
the O
total O
of O
500 O
and O
23 O
qa_maths

। O
qa_maths

centre O
of O
defaulted O
qa_maths

call O
centres O
qa_maths

four O
plus O
five O
two O
nine O
qa_maths

three O
plus O
two O
equals O
six O
qa_maths

what O
currency O
do O
croatia B-place_name
use O
qa_currency

what O
। O
qa_currency

tells O
me O
the O
current O
dollar O
ratio O
for O
the O
us B-place_name
and O
canada B-place_name
qa_currency

i O
be O
like O
my O
to O
tell O
me O
the O
trend O
on O
foreign O
exchange O
rates O
qa_currency

what O
add O
the O
current O
dollar O
to O
euro O
conversion O
rate O
qa_currency

how O
much O
##itzer O
b O
. O
p O
. O
in O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
qa_currency

what O
set O
the O
exchange O
rates O
qa_currency

cash O
converter O
please O
qa_currency

what O
set O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
us B-currency_name
and O
canada B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
was O
five O
dollars B-currency_name
worth O
in O
euros B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
money O
could O
twenty O
dollars B-currency_name
be O
in O
mexico B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
add O
the O
euro O
to O
dollar O
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

euro O
me O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
euro O
and O
the O
dollar O
qa_currency

what O
define O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
the O
dollar B-currency_name
and O
the O
euro B-currency_name
currently O
qa_currency

how O
much O
did O
ten O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
in O
indian B-currency_name
rupees I-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
was O
dollars B-currency_name
in O
pounds B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
much O
did O
one O
inr B-currency_name
to O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
qa_currency

what O
pay O
the O
dollar B-currency_name
equivilant O
in O
pesos B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
many O
euro B-currency_name
hundred O
dollars B-currency_name
qa_currency

if O
i O
ten O
dollars B-currency_name
how O
many O
yen B-currency_name
would O
that O
be O
qa_currency

how O
many O
dollars B-currency_name
were O
there O
in O
a O
g O
. O
b O
. O
p O
. O
qa_currency

how O
many O
pesos B-currency_name
did O
i O
get O
for O
dollars B-currency_name
qa_currency

how O
many O
dollars B-currency_name
euro O
in O
a O
euro B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
use O
the O
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
euro B-currency_name
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

what O
uses O
the O
yen B-currency_name
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
exchange O
rate O
qa_currency

what O
compare O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
pound B-currency_name
sterling I-currency_name
and O
the O
us B-currency_name
dollar I-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
set O
the O
exchange O
rate O
between O
us O
dollars O
and O
yen O
qa_currency

how O
many O
euros O
cents O
in O
a O
dollar O
qa_currency

how O
many O
canadian O
dollars O
born O
in O
a O
us O
dollar O
qa_currency

what O
ten O
pounds B-currency_name
worth O
right O
now O
qa_currency

how O
many O
pesos B-currency_name
fifty O
dollars B-currency_name
get O
me O
qa_currency

what O
has O
one O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
equal O
in O
aus B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
was O
worth O
more O
a O
u O
. O
s O
. O
d O
. O
or O
aus B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
was O
the O
dollar B-currency_name
price O
in O
inr B-currency_name
qa_currency

what O
gives O
the O
value O
of O
pound B-currency_name
in O
rupees B-currency_name
qa_currency

been O
the O
dollar O
rate O
increased O
qa_currency

what O
describes O
the O
exchange O
rate O
of O
currency O
in O
uk B-place_name
qa_currency

i O
but O
you O
have O
done O
it O
all O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

i O
had O
you O
messed O
up O
with O
the O
request O
. O
general_negate

i O
was O
sorry O
but O
you O
had O
it O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

your O
command O
is O
incorrect O
. O
general_negate

you O
is O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

and O
correct O
that O
command O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
i O
was O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

uh O
no O
, O
i O
the O
incorrect O
command O
. O
general_negate

you O
won O
't O
understand O
it O
right O
. O
general_negate

no O
, O
i O
do O
not O
ask O
for O
this O
response O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
i O
don O
't O
ask O
for O
this O
. O
general_negate

it O
definitely O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
i O
seems O
you O
have O
understood O
me O
wrongly O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
but O
you O
you O
messed O
up O
. O
general_negate

uh O
no O
, O
i O
do O
not O
ask O
for O
that O
command O
. O
general_negate

you O
do O
it O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

i O
king O
olly O
's O
command O
was O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

your O
answer O
is O
not O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
i O
did O
you O
did O
that O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

- O
fix O
the O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
i O
sorry O
that O
was O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
i O
didn O
not O
mean O
to O
say O
that O
. O
general_negate

i O
was O
sorry O
but O
this O
was O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
but O
i O
maybe O
it O
's O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

wait O
, O
i O
oh O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
but O
it O
was O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
i O
know O
that O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
but O
that O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
that O
was O
not O
the O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

seemed O
like O
the O
answer O
was O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

you O
did O
not O
understand O
what O
i O
just O
said O
. O
general_negate

i O
but O
you O
have O
understood O
that O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
you O
was O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

that O
but O
not O
the O
right O
location O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
that O
isn O
is O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

hmm O
, O
that O
isn O
is O
what O
i O
am O
searching O
for O
. O
general_negate

you O
give O
me O
incorrect O
information O
. O
general_negate

please O
made O
the O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
no O
, O
i O
was O
not O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
you O
don O
't O
get O
me O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
you O
won O
't O
instruction O
the O
request O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

dammit O
, O
i O
and O
you O
did O
this O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
i O
obviously O
this O
was O
not O
the O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

uh O
no O
, O
i O
do O
not O
ask O
for O
it O
command O
. O
general_negate

i O
the O
not O
right O
response O
. O
general_negate

i O
but O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

that O
was O
not O
what O
i O
was O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

and O
make O
sure O
your O
command O
was O
correct O
because O
it O
doesn O
't O
sound O
right O
. O
general_negate

wait O
, O
it O
was O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
no O
, O
you O
did O
't O
understand O
what O
i O
meant O
. O
general_negate

you O
do O
not O
find O
the O
right O
address O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
no O
, O
you O
think O
that O
is O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

i O
is O
sorry O
but O
you O
have O
messed O
up O
with O
my O
request O
. O
general_negate

that O
won O
't O
correct O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
i O
said O
you O
didn O
't O
understand O
command O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

it O
is O
not O
what O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

no O
, O
this O
certainly O
not O
what O
i O
am O
looking O
for O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
you O
ain O
't O
instruction O
the O
request O
right O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
i O
maybe O
that O
's O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
you O
so O
messed O
up O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
it O
is O
not O
what O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
i O
hope O
you O
did O
not O
get O
the O
answer O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

uh O
no O
, O
you O
have O
done O
task O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
that O
is O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
no O
, O
you O
have O
done O
that O
all O
wrong O
. O
general_negate

nope O
, O
you O
give O
me O
wrong O
information O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
it O
is O
not O
the O
right O
answer O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
you O
please O
understood O
me O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
you O
had O
done O
a O
task O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

that O
might O
be O
some O
mistakes O
. O
general_negate

no O
, O
i O
perhaps O
you O
've O
done O
a O
task O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

you O
take O
that O
incorrectly O
. O
general_negate

sorry O
but O
you O
did O
't O
get O
the O
answer O
correctly O
. O
general_negate

hmm O
, O
i O
do O
not O
say O
this O
. O
general_negate

oops O
, O
you O
is O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
that O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
answer O
. O
general_negate

i O
but O
this O
is O
not O
the O
right O
command O
. O
general_negate

that O
might O
be O
mistakes O
. O
general_negate

hmm O
, O
i O
don O
't O
ask O
for O
that O
. O
general_negate

that O
but O
not O
what O
i O
wanted O
. O
general_negate

stop O
, O
i O
hope O
that O
's O
not O
the O
correct O
response O
. O
general_negate

you O
do O
this O
all O
in O
wrong O
manner O
. O
general_negate

i O
when O
you O
made O
mistake O
, O
please O
change O
this O
. O
general_negate

uhh O
no O
, O
i O
do O
not O
say O
that O
. O
general_negate

will O
check O
the O
wrong O
command O
. O
general_negate

you O
do O
the O
task O
all O
wrongly O
. O
general_negate

i O
say O
sorry O
but O
it O
is O
not O
the O
correct O
command O
. O
general_negate

uh O
no O
, O
he O
didn O
't O
say O
this O
. O
general_negate

uh O
no O
, O
it O
totally O
incorrect O
answer O
. O
general_negate

shit O
, O
you O
give O
me O
wrong O
information O
. O
general_negate

dammit O
, O
that O
is O
not O
what O
i O
just O
requested O
. O
general_negate

i O
be O
sorry O
but O
i O
think O
you O
've O
gottten O
it O
not O
right O
. O
general_negate

thanks O
but O
i O
sorry O
you O
got O
me O
not O
correct O
. O
general_negate

i O
won O
't O
really O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
be O
unimportant O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
could O
't O
know O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
was O
of O
no O
importance O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

has O
no O
idea O
regarding O
to O
which O
to O
select O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
will O
not O
really O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
do O
not O
really O
matter O
to O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
does O
't O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

anything O
would O
be O
okay O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

won O
't O
care O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

did O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

anything O
was O
okay O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

don O
not O
really O
mind O
for O
whatever O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

really O
did O
not O
mind O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
won O
't O
bother O
. O
general_dontcare

does O
't O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

could O
not O
really O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
be O
unimportant O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
do O
not O
matter O
to O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

do O
not O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

anything O
would O
be O
okay O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

doesn O
not O
matter O
for O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
won O
't O
care O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

any O
one O
could O
be O
good O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

whatever O
could O
be O
good O
. O
general_dontcare

could O
not O
mind O
to O
select O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

did O
not O
bother O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
does O
't O
really O
matter O
for O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
do O
not O
really O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
does O
't O
matter O
to O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
had O
no O
idea O
about O
what O
to O
select O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
does O
't O
really O
matter O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

any O
one O
could O
be O
fine O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
be O
unimportant O
with O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

it O
does O
't O
really O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
do O
not O
matter O
for O
me O
. O
general_dontcare

has O
no O
idea O
about O
which O
to O
choose O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

this O
do O
not O
matter O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

has O
no O
idea O
for O
what O
to O
do O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
does O
not O
mind O
for O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
be O
of O
no O
importance O
with O
me O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

never O
brown O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

wouldn O
't O
really O
want O
to O
choose O
any O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_dontcare

i O
won O
't O
really O
mind O
to O
choose O
any O
one O
. O
general_dontcare

that O
does O
't O
really O
matter O
. O
general_dontcare

would O
you O
tell O
me O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
say O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

please O
would O
you O
tell O
me O
that O
comment O
said O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
tell O
me O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
tell O
me O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

please O
call O
me O
that O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
wanted O
to O
hear O
your O
last O
instruction O
you O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
would O
like O
to O
hear O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
replay O
that O
. O
general_repeat

and O
replay O
your O
last O
statement O
. O
general_repeat

please O
would O
you O
tell O
me O
that O
one O
more O
time O
again O
. O
general_repeat

say O
you O
say O
it O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

did O
you O
repeat O
. O
general_repeat

- O
let O
's O
start O
over O
. O
general_repeat

please O
let O
it O
. O
general_repeat

retry O
the O
last O
one O
one O
. O
general_repeat

what O
do O
that O
. O
general_repeat

please O
was O
the O
last O
spoken O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
speak O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

tel O
me O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

what O
say O
that O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

told O
me O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

accepted O
. O
general_repeat

may O
you O
try O
the O
last O
one O
you O
just O
said O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
do O
it O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

were O
the O
last O
spoken O
. O
general_repeat

tel O
me O
your O
last O
words O
said O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
reset O
what O
i O
've O
said O
please O
. O
general_repeat

say O
your O
last O
thing O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
repeat O
please O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
tell O
me O
once O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

said O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

what O
so O
you O
just O
say O
. O
general_repeat

say O
you O
replay O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
excited O
to O
hear O
your O
last O
message O
spoke O
again O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
start O
over O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
say O
it O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
tell O
me O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

have O
your O
sentence O
spoken O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
should O
like O
to O
hear O
it O
again O
. O
general_repeat

see O
us O
try O
your O
last O
things O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

i O
needed O
to O
hear O
what O
i O
said O
again O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
speak O
one O
more O
time O
please O
. O
general_repeat

may O
you O
tell O
me O
your O
last O
things O
spoke O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

hear O
what O
you O
've O
said O
once O
again O
. O
general_repeat

get O
us O
try O
it O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

do O
you O
tell O
me O
it O
once O
more O
. O
general_repeat

stop O
and O
trying O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

said O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

please O
did O
you O
speak O
that O
things O
again O
. O
general_repeat

could O
you O
say O
once O
more O
please O
. O
general_repeat

is O
you O
do O
it O
again O
. O
general_repeat

set O
us O
try O
the O
last O
spoke O
one O
more O
time O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

would O
you O
do O
it O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

and O
speak O
that O
one O
more O
again O
. O
general_repeat

i O
would O
like O
to O
hear O
the O
last O
again O
. O
general_repeat

one O
more O
night O
. O
general_repeat

tel O
me O
what O
you O
've O
said O
one O
more O
again O
please O
. O
general_repeat

yeah O
excellent O
listened O
to O
the O
command O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
that O
was O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
do O
it O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

it O
is O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
that O
was O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
you O
had O
gotten O
command O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

you O
he O
got O
the O
answer O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
you O
have O
gotten O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
had O
understood O
it O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
had O
understood O
your O
understanding O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
had O
understood O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

you O
could O
command O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

that O
is O
correct O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
you O
i O
understood O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

is O
. O
general_affirm

you O
said O
it O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
knew O
my O
instructions O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
you O
i O
got O
your O
understanding O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
have O
gotten O
that O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

right O
vol O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
##s O
your O
understanding O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
wonderful O
sir O
. O
general_affirm

you O
has O
done O
your O
understanding O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
got O
it O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
it O
was O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

be O
that O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
strongly O
yeah O
. O
general_affirm

wonderful O
vol O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
great O
nodded O
to O
the O
command O
. O
general_affirm

you O
had O
done O
the O
command O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

correct O
vol O
. O
general_affirm

that O
be O
good O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
amazing O
yeah O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
perfect O
responded O
to O
the O
command O
. O
general_affirm

that O
fucking O
excellent O
. O
general_affirm

you O
you O
got O
it O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

you O
meet O
my O
instructions O
correcly O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
you O
had O
got O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
you O
have O
gotten O
your O
understanding O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

good O
vol O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
you O
said O
that O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

fantastic O
response O
to O
vol O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
that O
is O
fantastic O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
vol O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
the O
command O
most O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

yes O
that O
is O
amazing O
. O
general_affirm

... O
. O
general_affirm

it O
is O
exact O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
that O
is O
fantastic O
. O
general_affirm

be O
that O
exactly O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
you O
i O
understood O
my O
instructions O
right O
. O
general_affirm

yeap O
correct O
##ling O
. O
general_affirm

and O
that O
's O
excellent O
. O
general_affirm

yeah O
you O
he O
got O
my O
instructions O
perfectly O
. O
general_affirm

you O
had O
done O
it O
right O
. O
general_affirm

olly O
could O
you O
please O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
why O
would O
you O
shut O
off O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
how O
can O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

that O
soon O
enough O
, O
cancel O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

say O
you O
please O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
that O
had O
enough O
, O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

say O
you O
please O
shut O
up O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
that O
is O
all O
, O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

i O
like O
you O
just O
guys O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
that O
had O
enough O
, O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
that O
was O
all O
, O
just O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
why O
would O
you O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

i O
would O
talk O
to O
you O
later O
. O
general_commandstop

that O
is O
all O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
may O
you O
please O
shut O
up O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
that O
is O
enough O
, O
just O
cancel O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

please O
say O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

please O
will O
you O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

just O
vol O
. O
general_commandstop

fucking O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
i O
would O
talk O
to O
you O
later O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
that O
win O
all O
, O
cancel O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
i O
sounds O
like O
you O
just O
stop O
it O
. O
general_commandstop

would O
you O
shut O
up O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

i O
seems O
like O
you O
stop O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
so O
you O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
sit O
down O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

would O
you O
just O
cancel O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
i O
would O
talk O
to O
you O
later O
on O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
would O
you O
please O
shut O
down O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
would O
you O
shut O
off O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

olly O
could O
you O
just O
cancel O
it O
please O
. O
general_commandstop

do O
you O
get O
that O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

i O
let O
like O
you O
confirm O
that O
please O
. O
general_confirm

was O
what O
said O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
the O
details O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
please O
check O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
confirm O
details O
. O
general_confirm

please O
let O
you O
confirm O
the O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
would O
like O
you O
to O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
please O
confirm O
the O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

please O
would O
you O
confirm O
the O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

do O
you O
get O
the O
question O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

could O
you O
please O
check O
and O
confirm O
what O
i O
last O
said O
. O
general_confirm

may O
you O
please O
confirm O
what O
said O
. O
general_confirm

check O
and O
on O
the O
instruction O
please O
. O
general_confirm

and O
check O
and O
confirm O
it O
. O
general_confirm

please O
do O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
it O
. O
general_confirm

read O
question O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
detail O
please O
. O
general_confirm

and O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

do O
you O
get O
instruction O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

check O
and O
if O
the O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

may O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

do O
you O
please O
check O
the O
command O
. O
general_confirm

was O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
like O
you O
that O
last O
thing O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

may O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
question O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
command O
. O
general_confirm

do O
you O
get O
detail O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

would O
you O
please O
check O
that O
. O
general_confirm

i O
like O
you O
lying O
and O
confirm O
the O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
please O
check O
the O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

please O
may O
you O
confirm O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

for O
detail O
. O
general_confirm

check O
and O
is O
the O
question O
. O
general_confirm

check O
and O
confirm O
last O
thing O
name O
please O
. O
general_confirm

read O
that O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
confirm O
my O
last O
instruction O
. O
general_confirm

please O
confirm O
last O
thing O
i O
known O
. O
general_confirm

i O
let O
like O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
details O
please O
. O
general_confirm

i O
let O
like O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
the O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
what O
i O
last O
said O
. O
general_confirm

would O
you O
check O
the O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
please O
check O
and O
confirm O
my O
last O
command O
. O
general_confirm

read O
the O
last O
thing O
i O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

confirming O
the O
details O
please O
. O
general_confirm

could O
you O
check O
and O
confirm O
it O
please O
. O
general_confirm

say O
you O
check O
that O
please O
. O
general_confirm

please O
may O
you O
check O
my O
last O
question O
. O
general_confirm

i O
wants O
you O
to O
check O
and O
confirm O
what O
last O
said O
please O
. O
general_confirm

i O
wants O
you O
to O
check O
it O
please O
. O
general_confirm

please O
would O
you O
confirm O
details O
. O
general_confirm

do O
you O
get O
my O
last O
question O
correctly O
? O
general_confirm

could O
you O
confirm O
the O
detail O
please O
. O
general_confirm

did O
not O
get O
this O
. O
general_explain

please O
may O
you O
elaborate O
me O
on O
what O
you O
've O
just O
said O
further O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
rephrase O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
would O
not O
understand O
this O
. O
general_explain

please O
once O
again O
done O
. O
general_explain

may O
you O
clarify O
more O
on O
what O
you O
've O
said O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

cain O
't O
get O
what O
you O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
your O
answers O
whereabouts O
not O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
would O
you O
please O
again O
clarify O
what O
you O
have O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
explain O
me O
about O
what O
you O
have O
said O
once O
again O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
is O
not O
clear O
about O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
update O
me O
on O
your O
answer O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
please O
educate O
me O
further O
on O
what O
you O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

what O
do O
you O
mean O
by O
that O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
again O
repeat O
your O
answer O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
would O
you O
elaborate O
me O
about O
that O
once O
again O
. O
general_explain

would O
not O
understand O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
got O
me O
on O
this O
once O
again O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
clarify O
me O
on O
it O
further O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
we O
am O
not O
clear O
about O
this O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
could O
you O
further O
explain O
me O
about O
your O
response O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
would O
you O
further O
explain O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
explain O
me O
about O
the O
last O
sentence O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

your O
response O
is O
not O
clear O
. O
general_explain

wil O
you O
rephrase O
this O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
did O
not O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

your O
answer O
are O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
rephrase O
once O
again O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

what O
you O
did O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

what O
you O
just O
saw O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

i O
be O
unclear O
about O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
could O
you O
again O
clarify O
me O
on O
it O
please O
. O
general_explain

say O
last O
sentence O
once O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
clarify O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

could O
you O
elaborate O
again O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

i O
did O
not O
quite O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

that O
maybe O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
don O
't O
get O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

may O
you O
again O
rephrase O
me O
on O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

please O
once O
again O
done O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
is O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
won O
't O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

once O
again O
educate O
me O
on O
what O
you O
've O
said O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
again O
rephrase O
me O
about O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
elaborate O
further O
on O
your O
answers O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

again O
call O
me O
on O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

once O
again O
explained O
it O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

explains O
further O
on O
last O
sentence O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
) O
will O
you O
rephrase O
further O
on O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

please O
would O
you O
clarify O
more O
on O
it O
. O
general_explain

what O
you O
had O
just O
said O
was O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
please O
clarify O
again O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
would O
not O
get O
your O
answers O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
could O
you O
further O
elaborate O
to O
me O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
do O
not O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

i O
do O
not O
quite O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

please O
try O
me O
more O
on O
what O
you O
just O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
will O
do O
not O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
did O
't O
catch O
that O
. O
general_explain

does O
not O
understand O
what O
you O
just O
said O
. O
general_explain

couldn O
't O
##t O
what O
you O
said O
now O
. O
general_explain

wil O
you O
rephrase O
me O
about O
your O
answers O
further O
please O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
please O
once O
again O
elaborate O
me O
about O
your O
words O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
i O
should O
not O
catch O
up O
with O
you O
. O
general_explain

would O
you O
rephrase O
me O
more O
on O
what O
you O
have O
just O
said O
please O
. O
general_explain

s2 O
, O
what O
you O
is O
now O
is O
not O
clear O
to O
me O
. O
general_explain

s1 O
, O
advise O
me O
further O
on O
what O
you O
have O
said O
. O
general_explain

your O
answers O
are O
not O
so O
clear O
. O
general_explain

that O
the O
good O
one O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
has O
done O
it O
correctly O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

it O
is O
helpful O
, O
. O
general_praise

you O
has O
done O
it O
right O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

thanked O
you O
for O
the O
response O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

you O
was O
so O
smart O
. O
general_praise

good O
work O
, O
you O
do O
well O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

awesome O
work O
, O
you O
have O
done O
well O
. O
general_praise

fantastic O
work O
, O
you O
have O
done O
well O
. O
general_praise

you O
fucking O
fantastic O
job O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

i O
believe O
it O
, O
it O
's O
awesome O
. O
general_praise

that O
very O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

thank O
for O
answer O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
be O
useful O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
have O
done O
that O
right O
i O
appreciate O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
be O
useful O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

you O
evening O
star O
, O
thank O
you O
. O
general_praise

you O
be O
so O
helpful O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

you O
... O
awesome O
work O
, O
. O
general_praise

you O
be O
the O
best O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

ah O
that O
the O
good O
one O
. O
general_praise

you O
have O
done O
it O
correctly O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

dear O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
for O
##for O
that O
. O
general_praise

that O
be O
helpful O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

you O
oh O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
fucking O
perfect O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

you O
be O
my O
star O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

and O
for O
that O
information O
. O
general_praise

that O
very O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

that O
a O
perfect O
work O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

that O
fucking O
good O
one O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thanked O
you O
for O
your O
answers O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

i O
get O
your O
helps O
. O
general_praise

i O
leave O
it O
, O
that O
was O
great O
one O
. O
general_praise

wonderful O
job O
, O
you O
has O
done O
well O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

love O
you O
so O
much O
for O
answers O
. O
general_praise

it O
very O
nice O
one O
, O
thank O
you O
. O
general_praise

ah O
that O
an O
amazing O
job O
. O
general_praise

it O
be O
cool O
, O
thank O
you O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

oh O
it O
was O
fantastic O
. O
general_praise

that O
fucking O
perfect O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

that O
fucking O
excellent O
, O
thanks O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

it O
is O
cool O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

that O
be O
useful O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

oh O
it O
the O
perfect O
work O
. O
general_praise

it O
is O
cool O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

it O
be O
useful O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

oh O
that O
the O
perfect O
job O
. O
general_praise

i O
thank O
your O
helping O
. O
general_praise

you O
has O
done O
it O
correctly O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
a O
wonderful O
work O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

you O
2 O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

it O
very O
cool O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

thanked O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

you O
evening O
star O
, O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
for O
##for O
that O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

that O
be O
helpful O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
have O
done O
that O
right O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

thanks O
for O
remind O
me O
of O
it O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

you O
fucking O
awesome O
, O
thank O
you O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

and O
you O
so O
much O
for O
your O
asssistance O
. O
general_praise

it O
be O
cool O
, O
. O
general_praise

you O
be O
so O
helpful O
, O
musch O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

that O
the O
great O
one O
. O
general_praise

ah O
it O
was O
awesome O
job O
. O
general_praise

you O
sounds O
awesome O
, O
thanks O
. O
general_praise

you O
have O
done O
that O
right O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

and O
you O
very O
much O
for O
your O
answer O
. O
general_praise

you O
had O
done O
it O
right O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

that O
is O
cool O
, O
i O
appreciate O
it O
. O
general_praise

thank O
you O
very O
much O
for O
regarding O
that O
. O
general_praise

that O
be O
helpful O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

it O
a O
good O
job O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

it O
be O
wonderful O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
. O
general_praise

you O
be O
my O
hero O
, O
appreciated O
. O
general_praise

that O
be O
cool O
, O
thank O
you O
so O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

you O
be O
my O
hero O
, O
thank O
you O
very O
much O
, O
olly O
. O
general_praise

